
This Service Agreement is dated [DATE] and is between [CLIENT NAME] (the
“Client”), and [SERVICE PROVIDER](the “Service Provider”).


Este Acuerdo para Servicios será efectivo desde [DATE] y es entre [CLIENT
NAME] (el “Cliente”) y [SERVICE PROVIDER] (el “Proveedor de Servicios”).


This Agreement details the services offered by the Service Provider to the
Client. Even though this contract is brief and less formal than other
contracts you may have seen, it is a valid and binding contract. This
contract is written in two languages; however, English will be the
controlling language in the event of a dispute.


Este Acuerdo detalla los servicios ofrecidos por el Proveedor de Servicios
al Cliente. Aunque este contrato quizá sea más breve y menos formal que
otros contratos que usted ha visto, es un contrato válido y vinculante.
Este contrato está escrito en dos idiomas; sin embargo, el inglés será el
idioma determinante en el evento de una disputa.


I. Services/Servicios


The Service Provider offers to the Client the following services that the
Client has requested.


El Proveedor de Servicios ofrece al Cliente los siguientes servicios que el
Cliente ha pedido.


(mark with a check each service that will be provided as part of your
agreement)


(marque con una palomita cada servicio que se proveerá como parte del
Acuerdo)


___ construction/construcción


___ painting/pintura


___ mechanic/mecánico


___ plumbing/plomería


___ electrician/electricista


___ lawn care/cuidados de césped


___ cleaning/limpieza


___ tutoring/asesoría privada


___ child care/cuidado de niños


___ catering/servicio de comidas


___ translation/traducción


___ interpretation/interpretación


___ other/otro: ___________________


___ other/otro: ___________________


___ other/otro: ___________________


___ other/otro: ___________________


II. Fees/Pagos


(check each applicable section)


(marque las secciones que aplican)


The Client agrees to pay the Service Provider the fees as set forth below.


El Cliente acepta pagar al Proveedor de Servicios conforme lo siguiente.


___ $[HOURLY RATE] per hour/por hora.


___ $[PROJECT ESTIMATE] total project estimate/estimación total del
proyecto.


III. Term/Término


(check only one of the following options) (marque sólo una de las
siguientes opciones)


___ The Term of this contract is for [NUMBER OF WEEKS/MONTHS/YEARS]. El
Término de este contrato es por [NUMBER OF WEEKS/MONTHS/YEARS].


___ The Term of this contract is at will, which means either party may end
the contract at any time. El Término de este contrato es a voluntad, lo
cual significa que cualquier de las partes puede terminar el contrato en
cualquier momento.


IV. Other Provisions/Otras provisiones


The laws of the state of [STATE] will govern this contract, and any dispute
will be resolved in the courts of [STATE], in the county of [COUNTY].


Las leyes del estado de [STATE] regularán este contrato, y cualquier
disputa se resolverá en las cortes de [STATE] en el condado de [COUNTY].


This agreement is the final, complete, and exclusive statement of the
parties’ agreement on the matters contained in this Agreement. It
supersedes all previous negotiations and agreements.


Este acuerdo es la declaración final, completa y exclusiva del acuerdo
entre las partes concerniente a los asuntos contenidos en este Acuerdo.


Both parties have signed to evidence their agreement to the terms and
provisions of this Agreement. The Agreement is effective as of the date set
forth above.


Ambas partes han firmado como evidencia de su acuerdo en cuanto a los
terminós y provisiones de este Acuerdo.El Acuerdo es efectivo desde la
fecha indicada anteriormente.

