
AGREEMENT between [AGENCY NAME] [AGENCY ADDRESS](“Agency”), and [CLIENT
COMPANY] [CLIENT ADDRESS](“Client”).


1. Appointment as Agency of Record


Client appoints Agency as Client’s advertising and creative agency in
connection with the products and/or services of Client described in
Schedule 1, attached hereto, for a term (“Term”) as hereinafter provided.


2. Scope of Services


Agency will provide Client with the advertising and creative services
provided in Schedule 2, attached hereto. Should Client request Agency to
perform additional services beyond what is provided in Schedule 2, Agency
and Client will negotiate in good faith with respect to the terms,
conditions, and compensation for such additional services. Any agreement
for additional services will be set forth in writing and considered an
addendum to this Agreement.


3. Ownership


All campaigns, trademarks, service marks, slogans, artwork, written
materials, drawings, photographs, graphic materials, film, music,
transcriptions, or other materials that are subject to copyright,
trademark, patent, or similar protection (collectively, the “Work Product”)
produced by Agency are the property of the Client provided: (1) such Work
Product is accepted in writing by the Client within twelve (12) months of
being proposed by Agency; and (2) Client pays all fees and costs associated
with creating and, where applicable, producing such Work Product. Work
Product that does not meet the two foregoing conditions shall remain
Agency’s property.


Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood that Agency may, on
occasion, license materials from third parties for inclusion in Work
Product. In such circumstances, ownership of such licensed materials
remains with the licensor at the conclusion of the term of the license. In
such instances, Client agrees that it remains bound by the terms of such
licenses. Agency will keep Client informed of any such limitations.


4. Term


The term of this Agreement shall commence on the date provided in Schedule
1 (“Commencement Date”) and shall continue until terminated by either party
upon [NINETY (90)] days’ prior written notice (“Notice Period”), provided
that this Agreement may not be terminated effective prior to the expiration
of [TWELVE (12)] months from the Commencement Date. Notice shall be deemed
given on the day of mailing. During the Notice Period, Agency’s rights,
duties, and responsibilities shall continue.


Upon termination, Agency will transfer and/or assign to Client: (1) all
Work Product in Agency’s possession or control belonging to Client,
subject, however, to any rights of third parties; and (2) all contracts
with third parties, including advertising media or others, upon being duly
released by Client and any such third party from any further obligations.


5. Compensation and Billing Procedure


Agency will be compensated and Client will be billed as provided in
Schedule 3, attached hereto.


6. Confidentiality and Safeguard of Property


Client and Agency respectively agree to keep in confidence, and not to
disclose or use for its own respective benefit or for the benefit of any
third party (except as may be required for the performance of services
under this Agreement or as may be required by law), any information,
documents, or materials that are reasonably considered confidential
regarding each other’s products, business, customers, clients, suppliers,
or methods of operation; provided, however, that such obligation of
confidentiality will not extend to anything in the public domain or that
was in the possession of either party prior to disclosure. Agency and
Client will take reasonable precautions to safeguard property of the other
entrusted to it, but in the absence of negligence or willful disregard,
neither Agency nor Client will be responsible for any loss or damage.


7. Indemnities


Agency agrees to indemnify and hold Client harmless with respect to any
claims or actions by third parties against Client based upon material
prepared by Agency, involving any claim for libel, slander, piracy,
plagiarism, invasion of privacy, or infringement of copyright, except where
any such claim or action arises out of material supplied by Client to
Agency.


Client agrees to indemnify and hold Agency harmless with respect to any
claims or actions by third parties against Agency based upon materials
furnished by Client or where material created by Agency is substantially
changed by Client. Information or data obtained by Agency from Client to
substantiate claims made in advertising shall be deemed to be “materials
furnished by Client.” Client further agrees to indemnify and hold Agency
harmless with respect to any death or personal injury claims or actions
arising from the use of Client’s products or services.


8. Commitments to Third Parties


All purchases of media, production costs, and engagement of talent will be
subject to Client’s prior approval. Client reserves the right to cancel any
such authorization, whereupon Agency will take all appropriate steps to
effect such cancellation, provided that Client will hold Agency harmless
with respect to any costs incurred by Agency as a result.


If at any time Agency obtains a discount or rebate from any supplier in
connection with Agency’s rendition of services to Client, Agency will
credit Client or remit to Client such discount or rebate.


For all media purchased by Agency on Client’s behalf, Client agrees that
Agency shall be held solely liable for payments only to the extent proceeds
have cleared from Client to Agency for such media purchase; otherwise,
Client agrees to be solely liable to media (“Sequential Liability”). Agency
will use its best efforts to obtain agreement by media to Sequential
Liability.


9. Amendments


Any amendments to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by Agency
and Client.


10. Notices


Any notice shall be deemed given on the day of mailing or, if notice is by
e-mail, or fax, on the next day following the day notice is e-mailed or
faxed.


11. Governing Law


This Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of [OREGON] without regard to its principles of conflicts of laws.
Jurisdiction and venue shall be solely within the State of [OREGON].


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Agency and Client have executed this Agreement.


[AGENCY]


By:[SENDERS NAME]


Name: [AGENCY NAME]


Title:[SENDERS TITLE]


[CLIENT]


By:[CLIENT NAME]


Name:[CLIENT COMPANY]


Title:[CLIENT'S TITLE]


Schedule 1: Products/Services Assigned to Agency


[AD PURCHASING, WEBSITE MAINTENANCE, COPYWRITING, GRAPHIC DESIGN,
PHOTOGRAPHY, MARKETING CONSULTING]



Schedule 2: Commencement Date and Scope of Services


I. Commencement Date: [COMMENCEMENT DATE]


II. Scope of Services


A. Study Client’s products or services; B. Analyze Client’s present and
potential markets; C. Create, prepare, and submit to Client for approval,
advertising ideas and programs; D. Employ on Client’s behalf, Agency’s
knowledge of available media and means that can be profitably used to
advertise Client’s products or services; E. Prepare and submit to Client
for approval, estimates of costs of recommended advertising programs; F.
Write, design, illustrate, or otherwise prepare Client’s advertisements,
including commercials to be broadcast, or other appropriate forms of
Client’s message; G. Order the space, time, or other means to be used for
Client’s advertising, endeavoring to secure the most advantageous rates
available; H. Properly incorporate the message in mechanical or other form
and forward it with proper instructions for the fulfillment of the order;
I. Check and verify insertions, displays, broadcasts, or other means used,
to such degree as is usually performed by advertising agencies; J. Audit
invoices for space, time, material preparation, and services; and K. Advise
on business practices and products.



Schedule 3: Compensation and Billing Procedures


I. Compensation


A. Client will pay a [MONTHLY] fee of $[INSERT FEE AMOUNT] in consideration
of the advertising services performed by Agency. Such fee shall be deemed a
nonrefundable advance against commissions to be received by Agency as
follows:


(1) On all media purchased by Agency, Agency shall bill Client at the
published card rates, or negotiated rates, as may be applicable. If no
agency commission, or less than [10] percent, [15%] agency commission (the
“Commission Rate”), is granted or allowed on any such purchases, Client
agrees that Agency may invoice Client an amount which, after deduction of
Agency’s cost, will yield Agency the aforesaid Commission Rate of such
amount as Agency commission. During the Notice Period following notice of
termination, Agency will be entitled to commissions on all orders of
advertising in print media whose published closing dates fall within the
Notice Period and of broadcast media where the air dates fall within the
Notice Period, regardless of who may place such orders.


(2) With respect to the engagement of talent, Agency shall bill Client the
authorized engagement rate, plus any taxes, insurance, pension and health
fund contributions, etc. applicable thereto, plus an amount which, after
deduction of Agency’s cost, will yield Agency the Commission Rate on such
amount as Agency commission.


(3) On broadcast production, artwork, engravings, type compositions, and
any and all art and mechanical expenses incurred by Agency pursuant to
Client’s authorization, Agency shall invoice Client an amount which, after
deduction of Agency’s cost, will yield Agency the Commission Rate on such
amount as Agency commission.


(4) Advances against commissions will be reconciled against commissions
actually received on a (monthly, quarter-annual, or other) basis. Agency
will issue the appropriate credit or debit invoices.


(5) Fees not applied to advertising expenses stated above will fund a
retainer of Agency services at a discounted rate of $[INSERT DISCOUNTED
HOURLY RATE] per hour. Agency will provide on monthly invoice an accounting
of utilization. Work exceeding the monthly retainer will be billed at the
normal rate of $[INSERT HOURLY RATE] per hour. Retainer hours may only be
utilized in the month they are accrued and will not be transfer or ‘bank’
from month to month. Unused hours will be assumed as profit by the Agency.


B. Client agrees to reimburse Agency for such cash outlays as Agency may
incur, such as forwarding and mailing, telephoning, telegraphing, and
travel, in connection with services rendered in relation to Client’s
account.


II. Billing and Payment Procedures


A. Agency will invoice Client for all media and third-party costs
sufficiently in advance of the due date to permit payment by Client to
Agency in order to take advantage of all available cash discounts or
rebates.


B. The cost of production materials and services shall be billed by Agency
upon completion of the production job, or upon receipt of supplier invoice
prior thereto.


C. On all outside purchases other than for media, Agency will attach to the
invoice proof of billed charges from suppliers.


D. All invoices shall be rendered within the first week of each month and
will be payable with in 30 days.


E. Invoices shall be submitted in an itemized format. Interest will be
charged on overdue invoices at a rate of [1.5] percent per annum, or the
maximum permitted by law, whichever is less.

