
ARTIST MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT


THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the [, 2013].


BY AND BETWEEN:

WILBERT D BRADFORD III
(herein referred to as the "Artist")
2530 KENNER AVE
KENNER, LA 70062

- and -


(herein referred to as the "Manager")
ADDRESS:



BACKGROUND

A. The Artist wishes to obtain advice, guidance, counsel and direction in
the development and
advancement of the Artist's career as musician, recording and performing
artist and in such new
and different areas as the Artist's artistic talents can be developed and
exploited; and


B. The Manager, by reason of the Manager's contacts, experience, resources
and background, is qualified to render such advice, guidance, counsel and
direction to Artist;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained,
it is agreed and understood as follows:


Services Of The Manager


1. The Manager agrees to render such advice, guidance, counsel, direction
and other services as
the Artist may reasonably require to further the Artist's career as a
musician, composer, recording
and performing artist, and to develop new and different areas within which
the Artist's artistic
talents can be developed and exploited, including but not limited to the
following services:

a) to represent the Artist and act as the Artist's negotiator, to fix the
terms governing all manner of disposition, use, employment or exploitation
of the Artist's talents and the products thereof; and


b) to supervise the Artist's professional employment, and on the Artist's
behalf to consult with employers and prospective employers so as to assure
the proper use and continued demand for the Artist's services;


c) to be available at reasonable times and places to confer with the Artist
in connection with all matters concerning the Artist's professional career,
business interests, employment and publicity;

d) to exploit the Artist's personality in all media, and in connection
therewith, to approve and permit for the purpose of trade, advertising and
publicity, the use, dissemination, reproduction or publication of the
Artist's name, photographic likeness, facsimile signature, voice and
artistic and musical materials; and


e) to engage, discharge and/or direct such theatrical agents, booking
agencies and employment agencies, as well as other firms, persons or
corporations who may be retained for the purpose of securing contracts,
engagements or employment for the Artist; and

f) to represent the Artist in all dealings with any unions; and

g) to exercise all powers granted to the Manager pursuant to Paragraph 4
hereof.


h) communicate with the Record label( Daily Grynd Entertainment) on a
continued basis keeping label informed of all scheduled work to be
performed by artist. Also, act as liaison between label and Artist


Rights And Authority Of The Manager


2) The Manager is not required to render exclusive services to the Artist
or to devote the Manager's entire time or the entire time of any of the
Manager's employees to the Artist's affairs. Nothing herein shall be
construed as limiting the Manager's right to represent other persons whose
talents may be similar to, or who may be in competition with the Artist, or
to have and pursue business interests which may be similar to, or may
compete with, those of the Artist. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Management shall be available to Artist and shall act as her day-to-day
manager. In th event that Manager is not involved in the day-to-day
management of Artist for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days, then the
Artist may terminate this Agreement, provided Artist provides Manager with
five (5) days written notice to cure any breach under this
paragraph.


3) The Artist hereby appoints the Manager as the Artist's sole personal
representative, manager and advisor for the term of this agreement and any
renewals, in all matters usually and normally within the jurisdiction and
authority of personal representatives, managers and advisors, including but
not limited to the advice, guidance, counsel and direction specifically
referred to in Paragraph 1 hereof. The Artist agrees to seek such advice,
guidance, counsel and direction from the Manager exclusively and agrees not
to engage any other agent, representative or manager to render similar
services, and not to perform said services on the Artist's own behalf, and
the Artist will not negotiate, accept or execute any agreement,
understanding or undertaking concerning the Artist's career as a musician,
recording or performing artist without the Manager's prior consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.


a) The Artist hereby appoints the Manager for the term of this agreement
and any renewals hereof as the Artist's true and lawful attorney-in-fact to
generally to do, execute and perform any other act, deed or thing
whatsoever deemed reasonable that ought to be done, executed and performed
of any and every nature and kind as fully and effectively as the Artist
could do if personally present, including, subject to the limitations set
out in this agreement, the following:


(i) to sign, make, execute, accept, endorse, collect and deliver any and
all bills of exchange, cheques and notes as the Artist's said attorney;


(ii) to demand, sue for, collect, recover and receive all goods, claims,
money, interest and other items that may be due to the Artist or belong to
the Artist;


(iii) to make, execute and deliver receipts, releases or other discharges
therefore under seal or otherwise and to defend, settle, adjust, compound,
submit to arbitration and compromise all actions, suits, accounts,
reckonings, claims and demands whatsoever that are or shall be pending in
such manner and in all respects;

(iv) to approve and permit any and all publicity and advertising;

(v) to approve and permit the use of my name, photograph, likeness, voice,
sound effect, caricature, literary, artistic and musical materials for
purposes of advertising and publicity in the promotion and advertising of
any and all products and services;

(vi) to execute for the Artist in the Artist's name and/or on the Artists
behalf, any and all agreements, documents, and contracts for my services,
talents and/or artistic, literary and musical materials, provided that the
Artist has been apprised of the material terms thereof and the Artist has
granted the Management the authority to execute such agreements in each
specific instance.


b) The Artist expressly agrees that the Artist will not on the Artist's own
behalf exert any of the powers herein granted to the Manager by the
foregoing power of attorney without the express prior consent of the
Manager and that all sums and considerations payable to the Artist by
reason of the Artist's artistic endeavors shall be paid to the Manager on
the Artist's behalf.

c) It is expressly understood that the foregoing power of attorney is
limited to matters reasonably related to the Artist's career as a musician,
recording and performing artist and such new and different areas within
which the Artist's artistic talents can be developed and exploited.

d) All business decisions, major commitments, including, but not limited to
recording agreements will be approved with the Artist and executed prior to
completion or commitment on any business arrangement or contract with a
third party.


4) The Manager shall be entitled to book the Artist and act as the Artist's
booking agent on separate terms to be negotiated between the Manager and
the Artist and commensurate with terms generally offered by other booking
agents in accordance with industry practices. The Manager shall utilize
such third party booking agents as the Manager feels are reasonably
required to develop and promote the Artist's professional career.

5) The Manager may act as Executive Producer on the Artist's recording
projects on separate terms to be negotiated between the Manager and the
Artist and commensurate with terms generally offered by other booking
agents in accordance with industry practice.


Term


6) The term of this agreement will be One (1) year as the above-dated
agreement. The Artist hereby grants to the Manager two (2) irrevocable
consecutive options to extend the term of this agreement for two (2)
periods of three (3) years each upon all the terms and conditions thereof.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Artist has not, during the
Initial Period secured a recording agreement with a major label (the "Major
Label Agreement") or with a production company or independent label
distributed by a major distribution company or a major label in the U.S.
Said options shall be exercised automatically unless ninety (90) days prior
to the end of the current the then term the Manager gives the Artist
written notice to the contrary. during the initial one (1) year period, In
the event Artist and Manager is not fully satisfied with the performance of
the other, and all conditions have not been met, this contract can be
voided. Whichever party is seeking to terminate the agreement, must contact
the other in writing via U.S certified mail withing forty-five (45) days
prior to the expiration date of the initial term.


Compensation


7) As compensation for the services to be rendered hereunder, the Manager
shall receive from the Artist (or shall retain from the Artist's gross
monthly earnings) at the end of each calendar month during the term hereof
or any renewal, a sum of money equal to TWENTY PERCENT (20%) of the
Artist's gross monthly earnings (plus any applicable taxes) and the Artist
hereby assigns to the Manager an interest in such earnings to the extent of
said percentage. in the event that Artist total earnings reach $50k or more
at anytime during the terms of the agreement, Manager agrees to scale back
to a flat percentage rate of fifteen (15) percent throught the remaing
period(s) of the agreement.


8) The term "gross monthly earnings" as used in this agreement, refers to
the total of all earnings, whether in the form of advances, salary,
bonuses, royalties, interest percentages, share of profits,
merchandise(Loud Artistry and/or 92 Kings clothing and accessories), share
in ventures, products, properties, or any other kind or type of income
which is reasonably related to the Artist's career in the entertainment,
amusement, music recording, songwriting,features with other artists, music
publishing, live performance, personal appearances, motion picture,
television, radio, literary, theatrical and advertising fields, in which
the Artist's artistic talents are developed and exploited, received from
any person, firm or corporation on the Artist's behalf, less the following
exclusions:

(i) production costs of Artist's master recordings and audiovisual works;


(ii) tour support payments paid out by a third party record company;


(iii) fees, advances, royalties and other payments paid to third parties
including, without limitation, record producers, audiovisual work producers
and directors;


(iv) independent promotion costs paid by a third party record company; bona
fide third party costs incurred in connection with motion picture and
television synchronization licenses;


(v) that portion of Artist's income from any motion picture or television
package which is payable in commissions to a talent agent or is otherwise
payable to third parties as part of the cost of production;

(vi) any monies payable by Artist for reasonable "sound and lights" or
opening acts in connection with live
engagements;


(vii) monies payable to Artist as bona fide "per diems"; and


(ix) any income derived by Artist from any business investments,
entrepreneurial activities or other non-entertainment related activities.



9) The compensation agreed to be paid to the Manager shall be based upon
gross monthly earnings of the Artist accruing to or received by the Artist


a) during the term of this agreement or any renewal; or


b) after the termination of this agreement or the expiration of the term or
any renewal where gross monthly earnings result from any services performed
by the Artist during the term hereof or any renewal; or as the result of
any contract negotiated, or substantially negotiated, during the term
hereof and any renewal, extension or modification of this agreement.


10) After the termination of this agreement or the expiration of the term
and continuing for a period of one (1) year thereafter; the Artist will
continue to pay the Manager ten (10%) of gross monthly income as defined
herein.


11) In the event that the Artist forms a corporation during the term hereof
for the purpose of furnishing and exploiting the Artist's artistic talents,
the Artist agrees that said corporation shall offer to enter into a
management contract with the Manager identical in all respects to this
agreement (except as to the parties thereto). In the event that the Manager
accepts such offer, then the gross monthly earnings of such corporation
prior to the deduction of any corporate income taxes and of any corporate
expenses or other deductions shall be included as a part of the Artist's
gross monthly earnings as herein defined, and any salary paid to the Artist
by such corporation shall be excluded from the Artist's gross monthly
earnings for the purpose of calculating the compensation due to the Manager
hereunder.

12) The Artist agrees that all persons, firms or corporations shall pay all
gross monthly earnings directly to the Manager and the Manager may withhold
the Manager's compensation and may reimburse itself from for any reasonable
and receipted fees, costs or expenses advanced or incurred by the Manager.

13) The Artist specifically agrees to authorize and direct any and all
persons, firms or corporations from whom the Artist is owed any sums which
are earned as gross monthly earnings under this agreement to remit such
sums directly to the Manager. If the Artist shall receive any such sums
directly or indirectly, the Artist shall hold same in trust as to the
Manager's share (including expenses) and shall remit the same forthwith to
the Manager. The Manager will collect and receive any and all monies
payable to the Artist with respect to the Artist's professional career.


Accounting

14) Provided that the Manager has received all information required, the
Manager will compute all amounts payable to the Manager and the Artist and
shall render a statement of account along with payment as soon as practical
after each of the Artist's performances or other receipt of funds by the
Manager on behalf of the Artist, and in no event less than on a monthly
basis.

15) The Manager agrees to maintain accurate books and records of all
transactions concerning the Artist, which books and records may be
inspected or audited during regular business hours by the Artist or her
nominee upon reasonable notice to the Manager and at the Artist's sole cost
and expense. In the event of material irregularity in the books or records,
Artist shall be reimbursed for costs of audit and Manager shall take steps
to immediately correct the error.


Expenses


16) The Artist shall be solely responsible for payment of all reasonable
costs and disbursements incurred by the Manager or the Manager's employees
in furthering the career of the Artist, including, but not limited to
booking agencies, fees, union dues, publicity costs, promotional or
exploitation costs, traveling expenses and wardrobe expenses. In the event
that the Manager advances any of the foregoing fees, costs or expenses on
behalf of the Artist, or incurs any other reasonable expenses in connection
with the Artist's professional career or with respect to the performance of
the Manager's services hereunder, the Artist shall promptly reimburse the
Manager for such fees, costs and expenses. Artist shall not be responsible
for normal and recurring office and operating expenses of the manager.



17) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager shall require the Artist's
prior approval for expenditures in excess of ONE THOUSAND DOLLARS
($1000.00) and the Manager shall provide estimated budget projections for
expenditures and revenues for each year of this agreement and update these
projections from time to time as deemed necessary by the Manager.


Loans

18) The Manager is not required to make loans or advances to the Artist,
but in the event that the manager does so, the Artist will make best
efforts to repay the same promptly. The Artist hereby authorizes the
Manager to deduct the amount of any such loans or advances from any sum
which the Manager may receive for the Artist's account.



Termination

19) The artist shall be entitled to terminate this agreement at any time
upon the Manager's breach of any of the Manager's representations,
covenants and warranties contained herein, or obligations hereunder,
including without limitation the Manager's duty to account to the Artist in
accordance with Paragraph 14) above.


20) The Artist shall be entitled to terminate this agreement immediately
upon bankruptcy or insolvency of either of the Managers, or in the event of
dispute between them.

21) In the event of any default by the Artist of the Artist's commitments,
obligations and duties hereunder, the Manager's obligations (but not the
Manager's right to compensation) shall be suspended for the duration of any
such default. In the event that the Artist for any reasons fails to fulfill
any of the Artist's commitments, obligations or duties hereunder, without
good or unavoidable reason or excuse, then, in addition to any other rights
or remedies which the Manager may have, the Manager shall have the right,
upon written notice to Artist at any time prior to the expiration of the
term or any renewal, to terminate this agreement as of a date thirty (30)
days after the Artist's receipt of such written notice.


Assignment

22) This Agreement shall not be assignable by the Artist to any person,
firm or corporation; provided however, that the Artist shall have the right
to assign her right to receive payments under this Agreement.


23) The Manager shall not have the right to assign this agreement or any of
the Manager's rights and obligations hereunder to any person, firm or
corporation without the express written consent of the Artist, which
consent may be withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Manager may
assign this agreement to a corporation to be incorporated by the Manager
for the purpose of carrying out the services contemplated by this
agreement, provided the assigned agrees in writing to assume all of the
Manager's obligations under this Agreement and manager shall not be
relieved of its obligations hereunder.


Fiduciary Relationship


24) The Manager agrees and understands that by virtue of this agreement the
Manager stands in a fiduciary relationship to the Artist and the Manager
shall be held to the highest standards of good faith and loyalty.


Mutual Representations and Warranties


25) The Parties warrant that each is under no disability, restriction or
prohibition with respect to such parties' right to execute this agreement
and perform its terms and conditions and further warrant and represents
that no act or omission by the Artist hereunder will violate any right or
create any liability to any person. The parties agree to mutually indemnify
the other fully in respect of any liability, loss or claim suffered by the
other as a result of any breach of this Agreement, or the terms,
conditions, representations, warranties and covenants herein.

26) The Artist agrees at all times to attend to the Artist's professional
career and to exert the Artist's best reasonable efforts to further the
Artist's professional career during the term of this agreement and any
renewal, and to cooperate with the Manager to the fullest extent in the
interest of promoting the Artist's career. At not time shall
Artist/manager/company engage in social media for the purpose of grievance,
slander, solicitation or discussion of any agreements between artist,
management and company. To do so would be in violation of the terms
thereof.


General Provision


27) This agreement contains all the terms agreed to between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and during the term of this
agreement it is understood and agreed that there shall be no change or
modification of this agreement unless reduced to writing and signed by all
parties hereto. No waiver of any breach of this agreement shall be
construed as a continuing waiver or consent to any subsequent breach
hereof.


28) It is agreed that as a condition precedent to any assertion by the
Artist or the Manager that the other is in breach of any representation,
covenant or warranty or is in default in performing any obligation
contained herein, the party alleging the default must advise the other in
writing by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, of the
specific obligation which it claims has been breached and said other party
shall be allowed a period of NINETY (90) days from the receipt of such
written notice within which to cure such default.

29) This agreement does not and shall not be construed to create a
partnership or joint venture between the parties hereto. It is specifically
understood that the parties are acting as independent contractors.

30) The Artist acknowledges that this agreement and the books of account of
the Manager contain confidential trade information; neither the Artist nor
the Artist's representatives shall reveal or use on their own behalf or on
behalf of any person any facts or information arising from this agreement
or any inspection of the Manager's books of account hereunder.

31) Any notice, direction or other instrument required or permitted to be
given to the parties shall be in writing and may be given by mailing or
delivering the same or by fax or email addressed to the parties as follows:


To the Manager:
Mngr:





Fax:


[Email Address]


[Email Address]



To the Artist:

Wilbert D "Willhebe" Bradford III
2530 Kenner Ave
Kenner, LA 70062

[Email Address]


Any such notice sent by fax shall be deemed received upon faxing thereof;
any such notice delivered shall be
deemed received when delivered; and any such notice mailed shall be deemed
received on the third business day following mailing.

Any party hereto may change its address or notice by notice to the other
parties hereto, given in the manner
aforesaid.

32) The Artist hereby acknowledges that the Manager has instructed the
Artist to seek independent legal advice regarding the Artist's entering
into this Agreement and the Artist hereby confirms that the Artist has, in
fact, sought and received such independent legal advice.

33) Subject to the restrictions on assignments set forth in this Agreement,
this Agreement will bind the parties (and each of their partners, jointly
and severally) and the Company, together with their respective heirs,
executors, successors, assigns personal representatives, partners, parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates, members, officers, directors, agents, attorneys
and employees, and together with any proprietorships, corporations,
partnerships or entities which any of the above parties may own or control,
and any reference to the parties will be deemed to include, where
applicable, a reference to any and/or all successor proprietorships,
corporations, partnerships or entities substantially owned or controlled by
these parties or any of them.


34) If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement is held
to be illegal or invalid for any reason whatsoever, such illegality or
invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this
Agreement.


35) Wherever required in this Agreement, the singular shall include the
plural, and the masculine gender shall include the feminine and the neuter.



36) All disputes arising in connection with the interpretation of this
Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration pursuant to the
Arbitration Act (Ontario), which shall apply in all respects except as
follows:


(a) There shall be one arbitrator, unless the parties cannot agree, in
which case there shall be three: one selected by each party and the third
(who shall act as chair) by the first two;


(b) The arbitrator(s) shall have the power to order the production of
documents or discovery of witnesses prior to the arbitration; and


(c) Costs of the arbitration shall be in the discretion of the
arbitrator(s).


37) The law governing this Agreement and any action, matter or proceeding
based on or relating to this Agreement shall be the law of the State of
Louisiana
38) The Manager acknowledges that it shall have no rights in or to any
stage or professional names of the Artist.


39) The Artist shall have and retain exclusive control over artistic and
creative matters, provided the Manager shall be consulted on all such
matters or is reassured by Label that Artist has that particular right.

40) This is the entire agreement between the parties and it supersedes all
other agreements, whether written or oral, prior to the date of this
Agreement.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have properly executed this
Agreement as of the day and year first written above.

SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED in the presence of:
/s/ John Robinson


/s/ Jennifer E. Schroder

Witness

Jennifer E. Schroder


/s/ Terence Robinson

Witness

Terence Robinson

/s/ John Robinson


/s/ Tracy Weslosky


Witness

Tracy Weslosky

