
                    ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE


      FOR VALUE RECEIVED and pursuant to that certain Early Exercise Stock
Purchase Agreement between the undersigned (“Purchaser”) and [______], Inc.
(the “Company”) dated ____________ (the “Agreement”), Purchaser hereby
sells, assigns and transfers unto the Company
_________________________________ (________) shares of the Common Stock of
the Company standing in Purchaser’s name on the Company’s books and
represented by Certificate No. _____, and does hereby irrevocably
constitute and appoint ______________________ to transfer said stock on the
books of the Company with full power of substitution in the premises. THIS
ASSIGNMENT MAY ONLY BE USED AS AUTHORIZED BY THE AGREEMENT AND THE EXHIBITS
THERETO.


Dated: ______________________


Signature:


______________________________


Stockholder


______________________________


Spouse of Stockholder (if applicable)


Instruction: Please do not fill in any blanks other than the signature
line. The purpose of this assignment is to enable the Company to exercise
its repurchase option set forth in the Agreement without requiring
additional signatures on the part of Purchaser.


-2-


935719 v1/HN


                  ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND STATEMENT OF DECISION


                      REGARDING SECTION 83(b) ELECTION


      The undersigned has entered a stock purchase agreement with [_____],
Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), pursuant to which the
undersigned is purchasing __________ shares of Common Stock of the Company
(the “Shares”). In connection with the purchase of the Shares, the
undersigned hereby represents as follows:


      1. The undersigned has carefully reviewed the stock purchase agreement
pursuant to which the undersigned is purchasing the Shares.


      2. The undersigned either [check and complete as applicable]:


      (a) ____ has consulted, and has been fully advised by, the
undersigned’s own tax advisor, __________________________, whose business
address is _____________________________, regarding the federal, state and
local tax consequences of purchasing the Shares, and particularly regarding
the advisability of making elections pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) and pursuant to the
corresponding provisions, if any, of applicable state law; or


      (b) ____ has knowingly chosen not to consult such a tax advisor.


      3. The undersigned hereby states that the undersigned has decided
[check as applicable]:


      (a) ____ to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code,
and is submitting to the Company, together with the undersigned’s executed
Common Stock Purchase Agreement, an executed form entitled “Election Under
Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986;” or


      (b) ____ not to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the
Code.


      4. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary or representative of the
Company has made any warranty or representation to the undersigned with
respect to the tax consequences of the undersigned’s purchase of the Shares
or of the making or failure to make an election pursuant to Section 83(b)
of the Code or the corresponding provisions, if any, of applicable state
law.


Date:


Stockholder


Date:


Spouse of Stockholder


-2-


935719 v1/HN


                        ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b)


                    OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986


      The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of
the Internal Revenue Code, to include in taxpayer’s gross income or
alternative minimum taxable income, as applicable, for the current taxable
year, the amount of any income that may be taxable to taxpayer in
connection with taxpayer’s receipt of the property described below:


1. The name, address, taxpayer identification number and taxable year of
the undersigned are as follows:


NAME OF TAXPAYER:


NAME OF SPOUSE:


ADDRESS:


IDENTIFICATION NO. OF TAXPAYER:


IDENTIFICATION NO. OF SPOUSE:


TAXABLE YEAR:


2. The property with respect to which the election is made is described as
follows:


_________ shares of the Common Stock of Taptera, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the “Company”).


3. The date on which the property was transferred is: __________


4. The property is subject to the following restrictions:


Repurchase option at cost in favor of the Company upon termination of
taxpayer’s employment or consulting relationship.


5. The fair market value at the time of transfer, determined without regard
to any restriction other than a restriction which by its terms will never
lapse, of such property is: $_____.


6. The amount (if any) paid for such property: $_____.


The undersigned has submitted a copy of this statement to the person for
whom the services were performed in connection with the undersigned’s
receipt of the above‑described property. The transferee of such property is
the person performing the services in connection with the transfer of said
property.


The undersigned understands that the foregoing election may not be revoked
except with the consent of the Commissioner.


Dated: ______________________


Taxpayer


Dated: ______________________


Spouse of Taxpayer


0090723.12 -1-


SV 2342656 v1


935719 v1/HN

