
This agreement is between Rebecca Evans (Photographer), and [SECOND SHOOTER
NAME](Contractor).


Event


Contractor agrees to work for Photographer as an independent contractor,
providing photography-related services on date in [LOCATION].


Assignment


This assignment, as well as any future assignments, is and will be
contracted on a case-by-case basis only. Photographer is under no
obligation to guarantee Contractor any minimum number of contracts or any
minimum number of hours. All work performed by Contractor for Photographer
shall be governed by the covenants of this Agreement.


Independent Contractor


Photographer specifically agree that Contractor is performing the services
as an independent contractor and is not an employee of Photographer.
Nothing in this Agreement should be construed as creating an employer-
employee relationship. Contractor further agrees to be responsible for all
of his/her own federal and state taxes, withholding, social security,
insurance, and all other benefits.


Compensation


Contractor shall be paid $[CONTRACT AMOUNT]upon successful transfer of all
digital files to Photographer.


Delivery of Images


Contractor agrees to cull images to the top choices and transfer all photos
he/she took at the listed event within two weeks from the event date.
Contractor is responsible for possessing his/her own memory cards and shall
make those cards available to Photographer for download immediately upon
completion of the event.


Copyright & Reproduction Rights


The Contractor's assignment is work for hire. As such, the copyrights of
the images produced by him/her belong to Photographer. Contractor agrees
not to sell any image taken during the contracted event to any person,
company, group, advertising agency, or otherwise, without Photographer's
express written permission. Photographer grants Contractor permission to
use the images taken during the contracted event for Contractor's
professional use in the following manner:


    • Print portfolio at will
    • Website (including but not limited to blog, Facebook, Twitter, etc.)
      after one (1) months from date full blog is posted to Photographer's
      website (rejoicingrebecca.com)


Web use shall include an accompanying "Photographed for Rejoicing Rebecca"
credit line. Images posted should not be the same images posted on
Photographer's website, Facebook, or Twitter accounts. Any use that exceeds
this limited scope is strictly prohibited.


Exclusivity


Contractor understands that he/she represents Photographer and not any
other business while completing assignments for Photographer. While
directly working for Photographer, Contractor will not advertise his/her
own business, will not solicit work for him/herself, and will only
distribute Photographer's business cards, name, and marketing materials.
Contractor is not bound by an exclusivity agreement when not working
directly for Photographer. Contractor may pursue other photographic work
for him/herself or other studios, as long as it shall not directly compete
with Photographer, infringe upon Photographer's client base, or solicit
Photographer's clients, either directly or indirectly.


Confidentiality


Contractor understands that all materials, price lists, contracts,
financial documents, agreements, and other information or documents that
are given to him/her in the scope of his/her assignments, are the exclusive
property of Photographer, and are privileged, confidential information.
Contractor agrees not to reveal this information to anyone, nor to use this
information to the detriment of Photographer in any way.


Liability


Contractor warrants that he/she is liable for any loss or any other
financial liability suffered by Photographer due to a failure to perform,
other than a documented medical emergency or "Act of Nature." Photographer
is not liable for any loss or damage to Contractor’s equipment under this
contract.


Equipment


Contractor is responsible for providing all of his/her own equipment with
which to complete the assignment. Photographer will not supply memory cards
to Contractor. Contractor should take pictures using the raw format
provided by the digital SLR camera used.


Responsibilities


Responsibilities of Contractor include but are not limited to the
following:


    • taking pictures of events, details, and people
    • holding and/or carrying lighting and other equipment
    • directing people
    • independently capturing moments of the day
    • attending to other photography-related details


Agreement


The agreement constitutes the entire agreements between the parties. Any
modification of this agreement must be in writing and signed by both
parties. If any provision of this agreement is declared invalid, then the
remainder of the agreement will remain in force and effect.

