

              Attorney-Client Master Engagement Agreement form


 


1. Introduction: It is customary, and good practice, for an attorney and
client to enter into a written engagement agreement. This “Agreement” is a
master agreement between a client (“[CLIENT]”) and me. It will apply
automatically to any specific engagements that [CLIENT] and I mutually
agree, orally or in writing, that I should undertake on [CLIENT]’s behalf.


I cannot give [CLIENT] legal advice about this Agreement, so [CLIENT] is
encouraged to seek independent legal advice if it has any questions or
concerns about this Agreement.


2. Limited scope of representation: Unless expressly agreed otherwise in
writing:


(a) I will represent [CLIENT] only in connection with the spe­ci­fic
individual matters as to which we agree in writing;


(b) I will be rep­re­sent­ing [CLIENT] only and not its affiliates or the
officers, partners, directors, employees, or agents of any of them; and


(c) without limiting subdivisions (a) and (b), I will not be providing
[CLIENT] with legal services in connection with general corporate- or
securities matters, nor will I be rendering any tax advice.


3. Billing rate: For most engagements, I prefer to bill a fixed fee for
professional services, in an amount that [CLIENT] and I agree to in advance
on a case-by-case basis. In appropriate cases, if [CLIENT] and I agree, I
will bill for my time at an hourly rate.


4. Expenses: In addition to paying the agreed fee for professional
services, [CLIENT] will reimburse me for all reasonable expenses I actually
incur (if any) in rendering the services, on a straight pass-through basis,
including but not limited to official filing fees, postage, long distance
telephone, photocopying, and overnight messenger charges.


I will normally advance such expenses on [CLIENT]’s behalf, but I reserve
the right to ask for prepay­ment of expenses, or for [CLIENT] to arrange to
pay such expenses directly.


I will normally try to obtain [CLIENT]’s prior approval before incurring
any expenses exceeding $1,000 on [CLIENT]’s behalf.


5. Estimates: If [CLIENT] and I agree that I will work on an hourly-rate
basis for a particular engagement, upon [CLIENT]’s request at any time I
will provide a written estimate of the fees and expenses required.


Normally, estimates for hourly-rate engagements will be non-binding, but I
would be happy to discuss fixed-fee billing upon request.


6. Invoices; payment:


(a) I will send an itemized invoice at the conclusion of each engagement. I
typically send monthly interim invoices for engagements that extend for
more than a month.


(b) Each invoice is due upon receipt unless we otherwise agree in writing
for a particular engagement.


(c) If for any reason [CLIENT] does not agree with an invoice or has
questions about it, [CLIENT] will promptly contact me.


(d) Should invoices not be paid on a timely basis, I reserve the right to
suspend rendering professional services or to withdraw from representation,
subject to any applicable legal-ethics constraints; if this ever becomes
necessary, I will so advise [CLIENT] and allow sufficient time for
[CLIENT] to secure other representation.


7. Email communications: [CLIENT] agrees that I may communicate with it by
email, including for example sending invoices that way. If security will be
a particular concern for any given communication, please let me know in
advance.


8. Results not guaranteed: [CLIENT] acknowledges that (i) it is often
impossible to predict the outcome of a particular legal engagement with any
certainty, and therefore (ii) I do not guarantee any particular result in
an engagement.


9. Termination of relationship:


(a) Except as referred to in subdivision (b), either [CLIENT] or I can
terminate our professional relationship at any time for any reason by
giving written notice to the other party, in which case my representation
will terminate immediately.


(b) Please note that applicable law or ethics rules may limit my ability to
terminate our professional relationship without [CLIENT]’s consent.


(c) Upon termination by either party for any reason, [CLIENT] will pay my
fees through the date of termination calculated at the rates stated above,
along with expenses incurred through the date of termination.


(d) Upon termination by either party for any reason, [CLIENT] is entitled,
upon request, to any files I maintain concerning its engagement(s). For
archival purposes, I may retain copies of electronic materials, and at
[CLIENT]’s expense I may make and retain copies of any hard-copy file
contents, before returning or forwarding such files.


10. Grievances: Under Texas law, I am required to provide the fol­owing
notice of the State Bar’s grievance procedures.


The State Bar of Texas investigates and prosecutes professional misconduct
com­mit­ted by Texas attorneys. Although not every complaint against or
dispute with a lawyer involves professional misconduct, the State Bar
Office of General Counsel will provide information about how to file a
complaint. For more information, please call 1-800-932-1900. This is a toll-
free phone call.


You can find additional information at the State Bar Web site at
www.texasbar.com; as of May 2011, the specific page can be found at
http://goo.gl/WnZB7.


11. Amendments: This Agreement may be amended only by a writing signed by a
duly-authorized representative of [CLIENT] and by me.


12. Governing law: Both this Agreement and all aspects of the relationship
between [CLIENT] and me will be governed by the laws of the State of Texas,
without regard to its choice-of-law principles.


13. Jurisdiction: The courts having jurisdiction in Harris County, Texas,
will have exclusive jurisdiction of any action arising out of or relating
to this Agreement or the relationship between [CLIENT] and me; all parties
agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of those courts.


14. Early neutral evaluation: IF: A dispute between us, arising out of or
relating to this Agreement or any transaction or relationship arising from
it, becomes the subject of an actual or reasonably-anticipated lawsuit,
arbitration, or other action; THEN: If either of us asks, we will promptly:


(i) seek an informal, non-binding, third-party “sanity check” about the
dispute in accordance with the Early Neutral Evaluation procedures of the
American Arbitration Association, and


(ii) if an action is already pending, jointly move for a temporary stay of
the action pending the completion of the sanity-check proceeding.


15. Entire agreement: This Agreement, together with any supplemen­tal
written agreements concerning specific engagements,


(i) contains the entire understanding and agreement between [CLIENT] and me
con­cerning its subject matter, and


(ii) supersedes any prior or contempora­neous written or oral agreements,
understandings, representations, or warranties between [CLIENT] and me
concerning that subject matter.


This Agreement will be deemed incorporated by reference into any such
sup­ple­mental written agreements.

