

Last updated: July 9, 2013




The following Service Terms apply only to the specific Services to which
the Service Terms relate. In the event of a conflict between the terms of
these Service Terms and the terms of the AWS Customer Agreement or other
agreement with us governing your use of our Services (the “Agreement”), the
terms and conditions of these Service Terms apply, but only to the extent
of such conflict. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein
shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement.


1. Universal Service Terms (Applicable to All Services)


1.1. You may only use the Services to store, retrieve, query, serve, and
execute Your Content that is owned, licensed or lawfully obtained by you.
As used in these Service Terms, “Your Content” includes any “Company
Content”. As part of the Services, you may be allowed to use certain
software (including related documentation) provided by us or third party
licensors. This software is neither sold nor distributed to you and you may
use it solely as part of the Services. You may not transfer it outside the
Services without specific authorization to do so.


1.2. You must comply with the current technical documentation applicable to
the Services (including the applicable developer guides) as posted by us
and updated by us from time to time on the AWS Site. In addition, if you
create technology that works with a Service, you must comply with the
current technical documentation applicable to that Service (including the
applicable developer guides) as posted by us and updated by us from time to
time on the AWS Site.


1.3. You will provide information or other materials related to Your
Content (including copies of any client-side applications) as reasonably
requested by us to verify your compliance with the Agreement. We may
monitor the external interfaces (e.g., ports) of Your Content to verify
your compliance with the Agreement. You will not block or interfere with
our monitoring, but you may use encryption technology or firewalls to help
keep Your Content confidential. You will reasonably cooperate with us to
identify the source of any problem with the Services that we reasonably
believe may be attributable to Your Content or any end user materials that
you control.


1.4. If we reasonably believe any of Your Content violates the law,
infringes or misappropriates the rights of any third party or otherwise
violates a material term of the Agreement (including the documentation, the
Service Terms, or the Acceptable Use Policy) (“Prohibited Content”), we
will notify you of the Prohibited Content and may request that such content
be removed from the Services or access to it be disabled. If you do not
remove or disable access to the Prohibited Content within 2 business days
of our notice, we may remove or disable access to the Prohibited Content or
suspend the Services to the extent we are not able to remove or disable
access to the Prohibited Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may
remove or disable access to any Prohibited Content without prior notice in
connection with illegal content, where the content may disrupt or threaten
the Services, pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or as
required to comply with law or any judicial, regulatory or other
governmental order or request. In the event that we remove content without
prior notice, we will provide prompt notice to you unless prohibited by
law.


1.5. From time to time, we may offer free or discounted pricing programs
covering certain usage of the Services (each , a “Special Pricing
Program”). We may stop accepting new sign-ups or discontinue a Special
Pricing Program at any time. Standard charges will apply after a Special
Pricing Program ends or if you exceed the limitations by the Special
Pricing Program. You must comply with any additional terms, restrictions,
or limitations (e.g., limitations on the total amount of usage) for the
Special Pricing Program as described in the offer terms for the Special
Pricing Program or on the pricing page for the eligible Service(s). You may
not access or use the Services in a way intended to avoid any additional
terms, restrictions, or limitations (e.g., establishing multiple AWS
accounts in order to receive additional benefits under a Special Pricing
Program), and we may immediately terminate your account if you do so. Any
data stored or instances provided as part of a Special Pricing Program must
be actively used.


1.6. If we make multiple discounts or pricing options for a Service
available to you at one time, you will only be eligible to receive one
discount or pricing option, and will not be entitled to cumulative
discounting and pricing options.


1.7. You will ensure that all information you provide to us via the AWS
Site (for instance, information provided in connection with your
registration for the Services, requests for increased usage limits, etc.)
is accurate, complete and not misleading.


1.8. From time to time, we may apply upgrades, patches, bug fixes or other
maintenance to the Service Offerings (“Maintenance”). We agree to use
reasonable efforts to provide you with prior notice of any scheduled
Maintenance (except for emergency Maintenance) and you agree to use
reasonable efforts to comply with any Maintenance requirements that we
notify you about.


2. Amazon CloudFront


2.1. You must own or have all necessary rights to use any domain name or
SSL certificate that you use in conjunction with Amazon CloudFront. You are
solely responsible for the renewal, security and proper configuration of
any SSL certificates that you provide for use with Amazon CloudFront,
including any disclosure of your SSL certificates to third parties.


2.2. Amazon CloudFront requires you to store the original version of Your
Content in an origin server (such as Amazon S3). If you use other Services
to store the original version of Your Content, you are responsible for the
separate fees you accrue for the other Services and for Amazon CloudFront.


2.3 While you will only be charged fees specified for the selected Price
Class, Your Content you select for delivery from edge locations in a Price
Class may from time to time be served from edge locations located outside
the regions in that Price Class.


3. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)


3.1. You may not knowingly create and maintain inactive queues. We may
delete, without liability of any kind, any of Your Content that sits in an
Amazon SQS queue or any Amazon SQS queue that remains inactive for more
than the number of days specified in the user documentation.


4. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)


4.1. You are responsible for maintaining licenses and adhering to the
license terms of any software you run.


4.2. Using Microsoft Software. In conjunction with the Services, you may be
allowed to use certain software (including related documentation) developed
and owned by Microsoft Corporation or its licensors (collectively, the
“Microsoft Software”). If you choose to use the Microsoft Software,
Microsoft and its licensors require that you agree to these additional
terms and conditions:


    • The Microsoft Software is neither sold nor distributed to you and you
      may use it solely in conjunction with the Services.
    • You may not transfer or use the Microsoft Software outside the
      Services.
    • You may not remove, modify or obscure any copyright, trademark or
      other proprietary rights notices that are contained in or on the
      Microsoft Software.
    • You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Microsoft
      Software, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law.
    • Microsoft disclaims, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all
      warranties by Microsoft and any liability by Microsoft or its
      suppliers for any damages, whether direct, indirect, or consequential,
      arising from the Services.
    • Microsoft is not responsible for providing any support in connection
      with the Services. Do not contact Microsoft for support.
    • You are not granted any right to use the Microsoft Software in any
      application controlling aircraft or other modes of human mass
      transportation, nuclear or chemical facilities, life support systems,
      implantable medical equipment, motor vehicles, weaponry systems, or
      any similar scenario (collectively, “High Risk Use”). Microsoft and
      its suppliers disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for
      High Risk Use. High Risk Use does not include utilization of the
      Microsoft Software for administrative purposes, to store configuration
      data, engineering and/or configuration tools, or other non-control
      applications, the failure of which would not result in death, personal
      injury, or severe physical or environmental damage. These non-
      controlling applications may communicate with the applications that
      perform the control, but must not be directly or indirectly
      responsible for the control function.


4.3. Using IBM Software. In conjunction with the Services, you may be
allowed to use certain software (including related documentation) developed
and owned by International Business Machines Corporation or its licensors
(collectively, the “IBM Software”). If you choose to use the IBM Software,
IBM and its licensors require that you agree to the additional terms and
conditions:


    • The IBM Software is neither sold nor distributed to you and you may
      use it solely in conjunction with the Services.
    • You may not transfer the IBM Software outside the Services.
    • Your use of the IBM Software is subject to the terms and conditions
      defined in the IBM License Information (“IBM LI”) for each IBM
      Software program and any applicable terms for Separately Licensed Code
      contained therein. You can access the applicable IBM LI here using the
      IBM Program Number found in the AMI Catalog.
    • Any restrictions in the IBM LI regarding Processor Value Units
      (“PVUs”) apply to your use of the IBM Software in conjunction with the
      Services. IBM’s current conversion table for applying PVUs to the
      Services can be found here. The IBM LI may refer to products or
      features that are not available in conjunction with the Services.
    • By using the IBM Software, you hereby agree to be bound by the terms
      of the applicable IBM LI, which is presented the first time you access
      the relevant machine image.
    • We may disclose your company name, the IBM Software your company has
      used, and your company’s total usage fees for the IBM Software
      (collectively, “Usage Data”). IBM is required to keep Usage Data
      confidential and IBM cannot use Usage Data for marketing or lead
      generation.


4.4. Using Novell Software. In conjunction with the Services, you may be
allowed to use certain software (including related documentation) developed
and owned by Novell, Inc. or its licensors (collectively, the “Novell
Software”). If you choose to use the Novell Software, Novell and its
licensors require that you agree to these additional terms and conditions:


    • Your use of the Novell Software is subject to the terms and conditions
      of the Novell End User License Agreement (“Novell EULA”) provided with
      the Novell Software. By using the Novell Software, you hereby agree to
      be bound by the terms of the applicable Novell EULA, which is
      presented the first time you access the relevant machine image.


4.5. Using Red Hat Software. In conjunction with the Services, you may be
allowed to use certain software (including related support, maintenance,
and documentation) developed, owned or provided by Red Hat, Inc. or its
licensors (collectively, the “Red Hat Software”). If you choose to use the
Red Hat Software, Red Hat and its licensors require that you agree to these
additional terms and conditions:


    • Red Hat disclaims any (i) warranties with respect to the Red Hat
      Software and (ii) liability for any damages, whether direct, indirect,
      incidental, special, punitive or consequential, and any loss of
      profits, revenue, data or data use, arising from your use of the Red
      Hat Software.
    • Your use of the Red Hat Software is subject to the terms and
      conditions of the Red Hat Cloud Software Subscription Agreement
      currently located at www.redhat.com/licenses/cloud_cssa/ (the “Red Hat
      CSSA”). By using the Red Hat Software, you hereby agree to be bound by
      the terms of the Red Hat CSSA.


4.6. Spot Instance Pricing. You may request that certain Amazon EC2
instances run pursuant to the spot instance pricing and payment terms
(“Spot Instance Pricing”) set forth on the Amazon EC2 product detail page
on the AWS Site (each requested instance, a “Spot Instance”). You must
request Spot Instances through the AWS Management Console or by using API
tools (“Spot Instance Request”). As part of your Spot Instance Request, you
must specify the maximum hourly price you are willing to pay to run the
requested Spot Instances (“Your Maximum Price”). Unless you specify a
permissible alternative termination date, your Spot Instance Request will
remain active until we fulfill it or you cancel it. We set the price for
Spot Instances (the “Spot Price”), which may vary over time based on a
number of factors, including the amount of available compute capacity we
have available and the price you and other customers are willing to pay for
Spot Instances (e.g., supply and demand). While a requested Spot Instance
remains running, you will be charged the current Spot Price in effect at
the beginning of each instance hour. You will not be charged more than Your
Maximum Price. We may terminate Spot Instances at any time and without any
notice to you if we determine the current Spot Price equals or exceeds Your
Maximum Price. If we terminate your Spot Instance, you will only be charged
for each full hour the Spot Instance ran. Unless you designate your Spot
Instance Request as a persistent request, terminated Spot Instances will
not automatically restart. You should save your work frequently and test
your application to ensure it is fault tolerant and will correctly handle
interruptions. We have no liability whatsoever for any damages,
liabilities, losses (including any corruption, deletion, or destruction or
loss of data, applications or profits), or any other consequences resulting
from our termination of any Spot Instance. Spot Instances may not be used
with certain Services, features and third-party software we specify,
including Amazon DevPay, IBM software packages, or Microsoft SQL Server.
You may not, directly, indirectly, alone or in cooperation with any third
party, attempt to control, influence or manipulate the price for Spot
Instances. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not submit requests for
Spot Instances through any third party (e.g., “proxy bidding”) or share
information with any third party regarding the maximum prices specified in
your Spot Instance Requests. We may modify or terminate the Spot Instance
Pricing program at any time. In addition to the Spot Instance Pricing, Spot
Instances are subject to all data transfer and other usage fees applicable
under the Agreement.


4.7. EC2 Reserved Instance Pricing. You may designate Amazon EC2 instances
as subject to the reserved pricing and payment terms (“EC2 Reserved
Instance Pricing”) set forth on the Amazon EC2 detail page on the AWS Site
(each designated instance, a “EC2 Reserved Instance”). You may designate
instances as EC2 Reserved Instances by calling to the Purchasing API or
selecting the EC2 Reserved Instance option in the AWS console. When you
designate instances as Reserved Instances, you must designate an
availability zone, instance type, EC2 Reserved Instance type, and quantity
for the applicable EC2 Reserved Instances. The EC2 Reserved Instances may
only be used in the designated availability zone. We may change EC2
Reserved Instance Pricing at any time but price changes will not apply to
previously designated EC2 Reserved Instances, except as described in this
Section 4.7. If Microsoft increases the license fees it charges for
Windows, or if Red Hat increases the license fees it charges for Red Hat
Enterprise Linux (“RHEL”), we may make a corresponding increase to the per-
hour usage rate for EC2 Reserved Instances with Windows or RHEL. Any
increase in the per-hour usage rate for EC2 Reserved Instances with Windows
will be made between December 1 and January 31, and we will provide 30
days’ notice. For any increase in the per-hour usage rate for EC2 Reserved
Instances with RHEL we will provide 30 days’ notice. If this happens, you
may: (a) continue to use your EC2 Reserved Instances with Windows or RHEL
with the new per-hour usage price; (b) convert your EC2 Reserved Instances
with Windows or RHEL to comparable EC2 Reserved Instances with Linux; or
(c) terminate your EC2 Reserved Instances with Windows or RHEL and receive
a pro rata refund of the up-front fee you paid for the terminated EC2
Reserved Instances with Windows or RHEL. We may terminate the EC2 Reserved
Instance Pricing program at any time. EC2 Reserved Instances are
nontransferable, except in accordance with the requirements of the RI
Marketplace. All amounts paid in connection with the EC2 Reserved Instances
are nonrefundable, except that if we terminate the Agreement other than for
cause, terminate an individual EC2 Reserved Instance type, or terminate the
EC2 Reserved Instance Pricing program, we will refund you a pro rata
portion of any up-front fee paid in connection with any previously
designated EC2 Reserved Instances. You may not purchase EC2 Reserved
Instances for the purpose of reselling them in the RI Marketplace, and we
reserve the right to refuse or cancel your purchase if we suspect you are
doing so. Upon expiration or termination of the term of EC2 Reserved
Instances, the EC2 Reserved Instance pricing will expire and standard on-
demand usage prices will apply to the instances. In addition to being
subject to EC2 Reserved Instance Pricing, EC2 Reserved Instances are
subject to all data transfer and other fees applicable under the Agreement.


4.8 EC2 Reserved Instance (RI) Marketplace.


A. Eligibility. The rights to an active EC2 Reserved Instance can be
offered for sale through the RI Marketplace as long as (1) the remaining
term on the Reserved Instance is greater than one month, and (2) your
payment of the upfront charge for it has been received and processed (for
credit card purchases, 30 days after you have paid the upfront fee, and for
invoice purchases, after you have paid the applicable invoice) (a
“Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance”). The characteristics of the Marketable
EC2 Reserved Instance (e.g., Instance Type, Platform, Region, Availability
Zone, Tenancy, Hypervisor, Reserved Instance Type, Duration, and Hourly
Price) will remain as originally designated. The term for the Marketable
EC2 Reserved Instance will be the remainder of the original EC2 Reserved
Instance term rounded down to the nearest month (for example, an EC2
Reserved Instance with 9 months and 16 days until expiration will be listed
and sold as a 9 month Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance). You can be a
“Seller” if you are a current AWS customer in good standing, you have a
Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance associated with your AWS account, and you
complete the registration process through your AWS account. Non-U.S.-based
entities may not be Sellers without providing the Form W-8BEN (Certificate
of Foreign Status of Beneficial Owner for United States Tax Withholding) to
establish that you are not a U.S. person. You can be a “Buyer” if you are a
current AWS customer in good standing. You can resell an EC2 Reserved
Instance that you previously purchased through the RI Marketplace. You may
not resell an EC2 Reserved Instance that you purchased through a discount
program (Reserved Instance Volume Discounts or otherwise) without obtaining
our prior approval.


B. Submitting Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance for Sale. As a Seller, you
will set the one-time price for your Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance. The
hourly price will be the then-current hourly price for that type of EC2
Reserved Instance, and you will not receive any funds collected from
payments associated with the hourly prices. You will pay the then-current
fee to us specified on the AWS Site when your Marketable EC2 Reserved
Instance is sold. Your Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance will be available
for sale after you list it in the RI Marketplace, but it will remain yours
and you will be able to use it until it is sold. You may remove a listing
of Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance from the RI Marketplace at any time
before it has been purchased by a Buyer. We may remove Marketable EC2
Reserved Instance from the RI Marketplace at any time for any reason. Once
sold and transferred to a Buyer, a Seller will have no rights to that
Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance.


C. Our Role. As a Seller, you will be the seller of record of your rights
to a Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance. Except as expressly set forth in
these Service Terms, we are not involved in any underlying transaction
between you and any Buyer. We or our affiliates may also participate in the
market as a Seller or a Buyer.


D. Processing of Transactions; Collection of Transaction Proceeds. On
Seller’s behalf, we will process all payments for Transactions and collect
the applicable Transaction Proceeds. “Transaction” means any sale of
Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance through the RI Marketplace. “Transaction
Proceeds” means the gross sales proceeds received by us from any
Transaction. You will ensure that all fees and charges payable by Buyers
for Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance are billed and collected through us
and you will not offer or establish any alternative means of payment. We
may impose transaction limits on some or all Buyers and Sellers relating to
the value of any Transaction or disbursement, the cumulative value of all
Transactions or disbursements during a period of time, or the number of
Transactions that we will process over a period of time. We may withhold
for investigation, or refuse to process, any of your Transactions that we
suspect is fraudulent, unlawful or otherwise violates the terms of these
Service Terms, the Agreement, or our Acceptable Use Policy. For each
Transaction, we will not remit Transaction Proceeds to a Seller, and the
Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance will be available to the Buyer, until
after we have successfully processed payments for that Transaction from the
Buyer.


E. Remittance of Transaction Proceeds to Sellers. At the end of each
business day, we will pay to you all due and payable Transaction Proceeds
that we have collected as of the date that is 2 business days prior to the
date of payment. We will deduct from each payment any applicable fees and
charges due to us related to Marketable EC2 Reserved Instances. The
applicable fees and charges are posted on the AWS Site and may be changed
from time to time. We may withhold, deduct, or setoff any amounts payable
by you to us or our affiliates against any Transaction Proceeds. Payments
will be made only to an ACH-enabled bank account located in the United
States that you register with us. If there is an error in the processing of
any Transaction, you authorize us to initiate debit or credit entries to
your designated bank account, to correct such error, provided that any such
correction is made in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If
we are unable to debit your designated bank account for any reason, you
authorize us to resubmit the debit, plus any applicable fees, to any other
bank account or payment instrument that you have on file with us or to
deduct the debit and applicable fees from future Transaction Proceeds.


F. Taxes. Sellers are responsible for the calculation, validation and
payment of any and all sales, use, excise, import, export, value added,
withholding and other taxes and duties assessed, incurred or required to be
collected (“Taxes”) or paid for any reason in connection with any
Transaction and with Marketable EC2 Reserved Instance. We are not obliged
to determine whether any Taxes apply to any Transaction, and we are not
responsible for remitting Taxes to any taxing authority with respect to any
Transaction, or for reporting any information (including the payment of
Taxes) with respect to any Transaction. Each Seller will indemnify us and
our affiliates against any claim or demand for payment of any Taxes imposed
in connection with any Transaction, and for any fines, penalties, or
similar charges imposed as a result of the Seller’s failure to collect,
remit or report any Taxes in connection with any Transaction.


G. Data Collection and Sharing. For each Seller, we will collect the
necessary data and tax forms to enable compliance with applicable tax laws.
For example, for U.S.-based Sellers, we will collect and retain Seller name
and address, and may collect the tax identification number and other data
as needed to comply with Form 1099K reporting requirements; for non-U.S.-
based Sellers, we will collect and retain a Form W-8BEN tax form (which
includes name, address, and a signature) as proof that you are exempt from
Form 1099K reporting. For each Buyer, we will collect and retain the
Buyer’s name and address. Buyers and Sellers will not know the name of the
other party to the Transaction until the Transaction is completed. Upon
completion of the Transaction, we will share the applicable Buyer’s city,
state, and zip with the Seller so that the Seller can calculate the
appropriate tax (if any) to remit to the appropriate government entity. We
will share the Seller’s legal name on the Buyer’s invoice. Buyers and
Sellers may not use information about the Transaction or about the other
party gained in connection with a Transaction (“Transaction Information”)
for any purpose that is not related to the Transaction. For example, you
may not, directly or indirectly: (1) disclose any Transaction Information
to any third party, except as necessary for you to perform your tax
obligations or other obligations under these Service Terms and only if you
ensure that every recipient uses the information only for that purpose and
complies with these restrictions; (2) use any Transaction Information for
any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever; (3) use any Transaction
Information in any way inconsistent with applicable law; (4) contact a
party to influence them to make an alternative sale or purchase; (5)
disparage us, our affiliates or any of their or our respective products; or
(6) target communications of any kind on the basis of the intended
recipient being an RI Marketplace Buyer or Seller.


4.9 You may only use the AWS Management Pack for System Center on computer
equipment owned or controlled by you for your internal business purposes,
solely to access Your Content used in connection with the Services. Your
use of the AWS Management Pack for System Center is governed by the license
agreement, located here: AWS Management Pack for System Center License
Agreement http://aws.amazon.com/windows/system-center/aws-mp-license.


4.10 Dedicated Instances. You may request that certain Amazon EC2 instances
run on physically isolated host hardware dedicated to a single customer
account (each requested instance, a “Dedicated Instance”), using the
process set forth on the Amazon EC2 Dedicated Instance detail page on the
AWS Site. As part of using Amazon EC2 Dedicated Instances, you agree that
Dedicated Instances are subject to reboot Maintenance at most once every
three months. Except for emergency reboot Maintenance, we agree to provide
14 days’ notice prior to reboot Maintenance of Dedicated Instances. We have
no liability whatsoever for any damages, liabilities, losses (including any
corruption, deletion, or destruction or loss of data, applications or
profits), or any other consequences resulting from rebooting Dedicated
Instances.


5. Alexa® Web Services


5.1. You may use Alexa® Web Services to create or enhance applications or
websites, to create search websites or search services, to retrieve
information about websites, and to research or analyze data about the
traffic and structure of the web.


5.2. You may not display data you receive via the Alexa® Services that has
been cached for more than 24 hours.


5.3. You may not resell or redistribute the Alexa® Web Services or data you
access via the Alexa® Web Services.


5.4. You may use data you receive from the Alexa® Web Services, such as web
site traffic data, to enhance your application or website, but may not use
it in any application whose primary purpose is to display the same or
related data or whose primary purpose is to compete with www.alexa.com.


6. Amazon Flexible Payments Service (Amazon FPS)


6.1. The terms in this Section 6 apply only to Amazon FPS and use of Your
Content with the web-based payment service provided by Amazon Payments,
Inc. (“Amazon Payments”) that enables the processing of payment
transactions initiated by third parties, and that may include, without
limitation, the processing and settlement of credit card transactions, bank
transfers, or the administration of prepaid or post-paid balances (the
“Payment Service”).


6.2. You may:


    • access and use Amazon FPS to enable use of the Payment Service by
      users who have an appropriate Payment Service account (each, an
      “Amazon Payments User”) via Your Content in accordance with any
      applicable FPS Specifications (as defined below);
    • install, copy, and use the software development kit provided by us as
      part of Amazon FPS, including the related development guides and
      technical documentation (collectively, the “FPS SDK”), and access and
      use the online testing environment made available by us (the “FPS
      Sandbox”), in each case as necessary to internally develop and test
      Your Content for use with the Payment Service; and
    • create, incorporate, compile, and copy derivative works of the sample
      computer programming code provided by us for development and testing
      of Your Content (the “FPS Sample Code”) as part of Your Content for
      distribution in machine readable binary form or object code form to
      Amazon Payments Users as necessary for them to use the Payment
      Service. Use of FPS Sample Code is also subject to any additional
      license terms included with the FPS Sample Code. Such additional terms
      will control in the event of any inconsistency or conflict with the
      Agreement.


6.3. The FPS SDK, FPS Sample Code, and FPS Specifications (as defined
below) constitute Amazon Properties. Except as expressly authorized by this
Section 6, you may not sublicense, loan, sell, assign, lease, rent,
transfer, act as a service bureau, distribute or grant rights to any person
or entity in Amazon FPS, the FPS SDK, the FPS Sandbox or the Payment
Services.


6.4. You and Your Content will comply with any technical and operational
specifications and other documentation or policies provided or made
available by us or Amazon Payments with respect to Amazon FPS or the
Payment Service respectively (the “FPS Specifications”). We reserve the
right to update or modify the FPS Specifications at any time. Prior to
making Your Content generally available for commercial use, you will
thoroughly test Your Content to ensure that it operates properly with
Amazon FPS, including without limitation that it complies with the FPS
Specifications.


6.5. We may review and test Your Content to confirm that it operates
properly with Amazon FPS and complies with the FPS Specifications, using
review and test processes determined in our sole discretion. You agree to
correct any material errors, defects or other non-compliance of which you
become aware, including from review and test results provided by us. We may
make modifications, updates or upgrades to Amazon FPS, the FPS SDK, or FPS
Specifications. In such event, you will test and, if necessary, modify Your
Content to ensure that it continues to operate properly with the then-
current version of Amazon FPS, the FPS SDK, and FPS Specifications.


6.6. You must establish and maintain a payments account with Amazon
Payments to use Your Content commercially with Amazon FPS and to access the
Payment Service. Your use of the Payment Service is subject to Amazon
Payment’s policies, procedures, and user agreements, and any breach of the
foregoing will constitute a breach of the Agreement. In addition to the
limitations described in the Agreement, any use of the Amazon Payments logo
and trademark is subject to the trademark usage guidelines issued by Amazon
Payments.


6.7. You are responsible for (a) the collection and payment of any and all
sales, use, excise, import, export, value added and other taxes and duties
assessed, incurred or required to be collected or paid for any reason in
connection with any offer or sale of products or services by you, including
Your Content, and (b) any payment transaction that is initiated using Your
Content that is charged back or reversed (a “Chargeback”) to the extent
that such Chargeback is attributable to any error, act or omission of you
or Your Content and is not otherwise recovered by Amazon Payments from an
Amazon Payments User. You will indemnify and reimburse Amazon Payments and
its affiliates against any claim or demand for payment of any such taxes or
any Chargebacks.


6.8. You represent, warrant, and covenant that you will at all times:


    • represent the capabilities and features of the Payment Service
      consistent with our description of such capabilities and features and
      avoid false, deceptive, misleading or unethical practices that may be
      detrimental to us or Amazon Payments, the Payment Service, Amazon
      Payments Users or other third parties;
    • refrain from providing warranties or disclaimers with respect to the
      Payment Service;
    • promptly investigate and report to us all complaints received by you
      with regard to Amazon FPS and the Payment Service, and make every
      reasonable effort to maintain and promote good public relations for us
      in the handling of any such complaints; and
    • ensure that the terms of any agreements between you and any Amazon
      Payments User are consistent with the terms of the Agreement and these
      Service Terms.


7. Amazon DevPay Service (Amazon DevPay)


7.1. You may use Amazon DevPay to: (a) sell to end users (“Customers”) use
of Your Content that you develop and make available with the Services (the
“Bundled Application”), including machine images that you develop; (b)
establish accounts for Customers that use the Bundled Application
(“Customer Accounts”); (c) manage features of Customer Accounts; and (d)
receive payments from Customers for Bundled Applications.


7.2. You will establish the pricing applicable to Customers for their use
of any Bundled Application. We will only be responsible for collecting
those fees that are fully disclosed and properly configured within the
DevPay Service. The fees you charge to Customers for your Bundled
Applications through the DevPay Service (as further described in Section
7.6 below) must constitute the full and complete fees you charge Customers
for such Bundled Applications. You may not charge or impose any additional
or supplemental fees for Bundled Applications other than those disclosed
through the DevPay Service. While you are using the DevPay Service, you
shall not establish any alternative means of payment for such Bundled
Applications. The foregoing does not limit your ability to charge and
receive payments for goods and services other than the Bundled Application
sold through the DevPay Service.


7.3. You are responsible for designating all terms and conditions
applicable to the use of the Bundled Application; provided that, use of the
underlying Services are subject to the terms of the Agreement which will
control in the event of a conflict. We may require users to register an AWS
account (including agreeing to the terms of the Agreement) in order to use
Amazon EC2 or other Services associated with the Bundled Application. You
may not extend on behalf of us any written or oral warranty or guarantee,
or make any representation or claim, with respect to the Services without
our prior written consent. Upon termination of the Agreement or the Amazon
Payments User Agreement for any reason, all access by Customers with
respect to your Bundled Applications may be terminated by us.


7.4. Except as set forth in Section 7.5 below, you are fully liable for all
charges incurred for Services under your account identifiers or those
assigned to your Customers for your Bundled Applications. All Services will
be charged at the then current price applicable to such Services under the
Agreement. Payments will be processed by Amazon Payments, Inc. and are
subject to the terms of the Amazon Payments User Agreement, including your
liability for chargebacks. All payments collected using the DevPay Service
are subject to the then current processing fee described on the DevPay
detail page on the AWS Site. Amounts owed under the Agreement may be
deducted from proceeds collected under the Amazon Payments User Agreement.


7.5. If we are unable to collect the fees you specify from your Customers
for the sale of your Bundled Applications (“Customer Fees”) or a prior
transaction for those fees is reversed, you will not be responsible for
paying the fees for the Services used by you and your Customer (“Service
Fees”) and AWS will have no obligation to remit or otherwise seek
collection of the Customer Fees, provided that the payment failure is due
to:


    • AWS’s inability to charge a Customer’s credit card for the Customer
      Fees, or
    • A transaction is reversed as a result of a Chargeback (as described in
      the Amazon Payments User Agreement) because the transaction was not
      authorized or was otherwise fraudulent.


In addition, in the applicable month, the Customer Fees charged must exceed
the Service Fees. In the event of such a payment failure, we may recover or
otherwise set off any Customer Fees from you that we collected in the month
to the extent they do not exceed the Service Fees. In the event that either
you or AWS is subsequently able to collect the Customer Fees, you will pay
to AWS the corresponding Service Fees as provided in the Agreement.


7.6. We will host and make available to Customers a customer interface
(“Customer UI”) permitting (a) the display to Customers of certain pricing,
terms and conditions and other information you provide to us regarding your
Bundled Applications (“Subscription Information”) and (b) Customers to
engage in certain functions with respect to your Bundled Applications, such
as account establishment, account termination, payment authorization and
termination rights. We will define and control the fields and format for
the Customer UI and for Subscription Information. We retain all rights to
the Customer UI, including its look and feel, and you will not copy or
mimic the Customer UI in any manner.


7.7. You are responsible for ensuring and shall ensure that all
Subscription Information (as you provide it to us and as it is ultimately
shown on the Customer UI) is: (a) full, accurate and complete, (b) not
misleading; and (c) in compliance, in all respects, with applicable laws.
You must promptly update the Subscription Information when and as necessary
to ensure that the Subscription Information continues to comply with the
foregoing requirements, even if the updates are necessary as a result of
changes we make to the data input fields or to the Customer UI.


7.8. You are responsible for providing customer service (if any) to
Customers for your Bundled Applications. We shall have no obligation to
provide customer or technical support to any Customer for Bundled
Applications; provided that, we will provide support to Customers regarding
billing and payment questions.


7.9. You will use the communication methods we establish through the DevPay
Services for the administration of Customer Accounts, including, but not
limited to, any communications regarding Customer Account termination or
pricing changes.


7.10. You acknowledge and agree that we may take any of the corrective
action regarding Customer Accounts to the extent we deem necessary or
appropriate, in our sole discretion, to (a) comply with law, (b) enforce or
apply the Agreement, the Amazon Payments User Agreement, or other
agreements or policies applicable to the Services or DevPay Service, or (3)
protect the rights, property or safety of our business, a Customer, or any
third party. Corrective action may include (i) suspending, canceling or
closing of Customer Accounts; (ii) re-establishment of Customer Accounts;
and (iii) waiving or refunding of fees on Customer Accounts. We shall have
no liability to you for taking any such actions. You shall promptly comply
with any actions we take or may require of you regarding Customer Accounts.
These actions may include, without limitation, reimbursing us for Customer
refunds we issue, discontinuing provision of services on Customer Accounts
we cancel, and re-establishment of services on Customer Accounts we re-
establish. Should you ask us to close a Customer Account by using a method
we have provided for that purpose, we will endeavor to close the Customer
Account reasonably promptly, but we shall have no liability to you for the
speed with which we do so or for our failure to do so. You shall indemnify
and hold us and our employees, officers, directors and representatives,
harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities,
judgments, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys fees), arising out of or in connection with any claim based on or
related to any actions we may take with respect to any Customer Account at
your direction, including, without limitation, any closure of a Customer
Account.


7.11. You acknowledge and agree that: (a) you have no expectation and have
received no assurances that your business relationship with us will
continue beyond the Term (or its earlier termination), that any investment
by you in the promotion of any Bundled Application will be recovered or
recouped, or that you will obtain any anticipated amount of profits; and
(b) you will not have or acquire by virtue of the DevPay Services or
otherwise any vested, proprietary or other right in the promotion of any
Services or in any related goodwill created by your efforts.


8. Amazon SimpleDB Service (Amazon SimpleDB)


8.1. If during the previous six (6) months you have incurred no fees for
Amazon SimpleDB and have registered no usage of Your Content stored in
Amazon SimpleDB, we may delete, without liability of any kind, Your Content
that is stored in Simple DB upon thirty (30) days prior notice to you.


9. Amazon Fulfillment Web Service (Amazon FWS)


9.1. You may only access and use Amazon FWS to query, access, transmit and
receive product and shipping information related to your use of the
Fulfillment by Amazon service (“FBA Service”) sold and provided by Amazon
Services LLC (“Amazon Services”) in accordance with any applicable FBA
Specifications (as defined below).


9.2. To use Amazon FWS, you must have an Amazon seller account (your
“Seller Account”) that is in good standing and be registered to use the FBA
Service. Your use of the FBA Service and your Seller Account is solely
subject to Amazon Services’ policies, procedures, the Amazon Business
Services Agreement or other applicable user agreements. Amazon FWS is only
a technical interface that enables you to access and process certain
information related to your Seller Account. AWS will have no liability to
you or any third party related to your Seller Account.


9.3. You may use Amazon FWS only to administer product and shipping
information associated with your Seller Account. When registering for
Amazon FWS, you must use the same username and password which is associated
with your Seller Account. You may not develop or use an application to
access Amazon FWS that collects, processes or stores the account
identifiers or other security credentials (including usernames and
passwords) of any third party associated with AWS or any of its affiliates.


9.4. You and Your Content will comply with any technical and operational
specifications, security protocols and other documentation or policies
provided or made available by us with respect to Amazon FWS (the “FBA
Specifications”). We reserve the right to update or modify the FBA
Specifications at any time. Prior to making Your Content available for
commercial use, you will thoroughly test Your Content to ensure that it
operates properly with Amazon FWS, including, without limitation, that it
complies with the FBA Specifications.


10. Amazon Elastic MapReduce


10.1. We may collect certain information about computing jobs you run using
Amazon Elastic MapReduce, including CPU utilization, memory usage, IO
performance, and error and information messages.


10.2. You are responsible for all fees incurred from your use of Amazon
Elastic MapReduce regardless of the results obtained, the quality of the
resulting data, or whether a computing job runs successfully. Use of Amazon
Elastic MapReduce requires use of Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3, and certain
features require use of Amazon SimpleDB. You are responsible for the
separate fees you accrue for Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, and Amazon SimpleDB.


10.3. You are solely responsible for monitoring the status of your
computing jobs. We may throttle or terminate computing jobs that we
determine degrade the performance of Amazon Elastic MapReduce, the
Services, or any component of the Services. We are not responsible for any
data loss or data corruption that occurs as part of your computing jobs.


11. Amazon CloudWatch and Auto Scaling


11.1. You may only use Amazon CloudWatch to perform monitoring and auto-
scaling functions in connection with Amazon EC2. Amazon CloudWatch enables
Auto Scaling in connection with Amazon EC2. Auto Scaling requires use of
both Amazon CloudWatch and Amazon EC2.


11.2. In connection with Auto Scaling, we may launch additional Amazon EC2
instances or terminate Amazon EC2 instances based on conditions you set.
You are responsible for the separate fees you accrue for Amazon EC2. You
are responsible for all fees incurred from your use of Amazon CloudWatch
and Auto Scaling regardless of the results obtained or the quality or
timeliness of the results. Charges for Amazon CloudWatch will accrue as
soon as you use begin using Amazon CloudWatch or Auto Scaling
functionality.


11.3. Amazon CloudWatch collects and stores certain information for the
Amazon EC2 instances you are monitoring, including CPU utilization, data
transfer, and disk usage and activity.


12. Elastic Load Balancing


12.1. You may only use Elastic Load Balancing to provide load balancing
functionality in connection with Amazon EC2. You must have instances
running in all Availability Zones across which you want to balance loads
with Elastic Load Balancing.


12.2. Use of Elastic Load Balancing requires use of Amazon EC2. You are
responsible for the separate fees you accrue for Amazon EC2. You are
responsible for all fees incurred from your use of Elastic Load Balancing
regardless of the results obtained or the quality or timeliness of the
results. Charges for Elastic Load Balancing will accrue as soon as you use
begin using Elastic Load Balancing functionality.


13. AWS Import/Export


13.1. You may send physical storage media (the “Media”) to us that we will
use to either (a) transfer data contained on the Media into supported
storage Services (such as Amazon S3, Amazon EBS, and Amazon Glacier) as
Your Content or (b) transfer certain of Your Content to the Media (such
data contained on Media either before or after transfer, “Data”) and
provide the Media to you.


13.2. You will comply with all specifications and documentation for AWS
Import/Export (including the AWS Import/Export Pack and Ship Check List) as
posted by us and updated by us from time to time on the AWS Site, including
Media requirements and shipping requirements. You will be solely
responsible for all shipping and handling costs (including costs of freight
and transit insurance) for shipping Media to or from us. We may pay some
reasonable return shipping charges as described on the AWS Import/Export
section of the AWS Site. You are responsible for payment of all customs,
duties, taxes and other charges in connection with Media being shipped to
or from us.


13.3. You will not deliver to us, and we may refuse to accept any, damaged
or defective Media or any Media not shipped in accordance with the
Agreement (collectively, “Unsuitable Media”). We may return or dispose of
any Unsuitable Media in accordance with Section 13.12 below (and you will
be deemed to have consented to such action) if you fail to direct us to
return or dispose of any Unsuitable Media within thirty (30) days after we
notify you that we are in possession of it. In addition, you will reimburse
us for any expenses we incur in connection with any Unsuitable Media.


13.4. You will bear the entire risk of loss of, or damage to, any Media
(including Data) while in transit and you are solely responsible for
obtaining insurance at your expense. We have no liability or responsibility
with respect to any delay, damage or loss incurred during shipment,
including loss of Data.


13.5. You will retain title to any Media we receive from you and store as
part of AWS Import/Export. You supply us with Media and Data entirely at
your own risk. We are not responsible for and will not be held liable for
any damage to Media or any loss of Data. Our confirmed receipt of delivery
does not: (a) indicate or imply that any Media or Data has been delivered
free of loss or damage, or that any loss or damage to any Media or Data
later discovered occurred after confirmed receipt of delivery; (b) indicate
or imply that we actually received the number of units of Media specified
by you for such shipment; or (c) waive, limit or reduce any of our rights
under the Agreement. We reserve the right to impose, and change, from time
to time, volume limitations on the delivery of your Media, and you will
comply with any of these restrictions or limitations.


13.6. You should back-up Data prior to delivery to us. Your Data should not
include live or production data or any other data that you are not prepared
to lose. For avoidance of doubt, Your Content includes Data.


13.7. You represent that you have all necessary rights to (a) provide the
Media and Data to us for upload into supported storage Services and (b)
authorize our transfer of any Data specified by you to the Media. You
represent that import or export of the Media or Data to or from us does not
require a license under the laws or regulations of any country.


13.8. We may reproduce Data as necessary to transfer it between Media and
supported storage Services.


13.9. Use of AWS Import/Export requires use of a supported storage Service.
You are responsible for the separate fees you accrue for storage Services.


13.10. IN ADDITION TO THE DISCLAIMERS IN THE AGREEMENT, WE HEREBY DISCLAIM
ANY DUTIES OF A BAILEE OR WAREHOUSEMAN, AND YOU HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS AND
REMEDIES OF A BAILOR (WHETHER ARISING UNDER COMMON LAW OR STATUTE), RELATED
TO OR ARISING OUT OF ANY POSSESSION, STORAGE OR SHIPMENT OF MEDIA OR DATA
BY US OR OUR AFFILIATES OR ANY OF OUR OR THEIR CONTRACTORS OR AGENTS. YOU
ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR APPLYING APPROPRIATE SECURITY MEASURES TO YOUR
DATA, INCLUDING ENCRYPTING SENSITIVE DATA.


13.11. In addition to your indemnification obligations under the Agreement,
you agree to indemnify, defend and hold us, our affiliates and licensors,
each of our and their business partners (including third party sellers on
websites operated by or on behalf of us) and each of our and their
respective employees, officers, directors and representatives, harmless
from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities,
judgments, penalties, fines, costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees), arising out of or in connection with any claim arising
out of (a) the Media (whether or not title has transferred to us) and Data,
including any personal injury, death or property damage (including any
damage caused by malicious or harmful code included in Data); (b) any
sales, goods and services, use, excise, import, export, property, value
added or other taxes or duties assessed or imposed on us or our affiliates
in connection with or as a result of the storage, shipping or other actions
by us taken with respect to the Media or Data; (c) any legal or regulatory
violation, arising under the laws or regulations of any country, related to
import or export of the Media or the Data.


13.12. Once AWS Import/Export services are complete, we will return the
Media to you. We may return Media to you for any reason, including upon
termination of the Agreement or the AWS Import/Export service. Returned
Media will be sent to your designated shipping address. Media shipped to us
for import into or export from supported storage Services in the EU
(Ireland) Region must originate from and be returned to an address within
the European Union. If we have an outdated, incorrect or prohibited address
for you, we will notify you and you will have thirty (30) calendar days
from the date we notify you to supply a substitute address. If you do not
supply a substitute address within thirty (30) calendar days of
notification, the Media will be deemed Unsuitable Media subject to
disposal. We may dispose of Media in any manner and we have no obligation
to reimburse or compensate your for any loss of Media or Data due to our
disposal.


13.13. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, you may
give agents and subcontractors of your choosing access to the private key
associated with your account solely for the purpose of (a) preparing Data
for import or export using AWS Import/Export or (b) confirming the
integrity of Data imported or exported using AWS Import/Export. You remain
fully responsible for and indemnify us for all activities undertaken by
such third parties under your account. Other than as specifically set forth
in this section, all terms and conditions of the Agreement continues to
apply to your use of the Services.


13.14. We will not act as the importer of record for your shipments of
Media or Data. If we are importing or exporting your shipments of Media or
Data into the Asia Pacific (Singapore) Region, you will not act as the
importer of record and you represent and warrant that: (a) You are not a
resident of Singapore; (b) You have a business establishment or fixed
establishment outside of Singapore and not in Singapore; (c) You are
domiciled outside Singapore if you have no business or fixed establishment
in any country; (d) You are not registered or required to be registered for
GST in Singapore.


You will notify us if, at any time, you are using the AWS Import/Export
service to ship Media or Data into the Asia Pacific (Singapore) Region and
you are not acting as the importer of record, and you become unable to make
any of the above representations and warranties.


If you are not acting as the importer of record on your shipment of Media
or Data to the Asia Pacific (Singapore) Region, then the Media or Data must
(i) be returned to a location outside of Singapore, (ii) be exported on an
FCA basis; and (iii) you must be importer of record in the country that the
Media or Data is returned to.


14. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)


14.1. You may only use Amazon VPC to connect your computing resources to
certain AWS computing resources via a Virtual Private Network (VPN)
connection.


14.2. Use of Amazon VPC requires the use of other Services. You are
responsible for all applicable fees associated with your use of other
Services in connection with Amazon VPC. When you transfer data between AWS
computing resources running inside Amazon VPC and AWS computing resources
running outside Amazon VPC, you will be charged VPN data transfer rates in
addition to any applicable Internet data transfer changes. VPN connection
charges accrue during any time your VPN connection is in the “available”
state.


14.3. You are solely responsible for the configuration, operation,
performance and security of all equipment and computing resources you use
with Amazon VPC, including any gateways or other devices you use to connect
to Amazon VPC.


15. AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA)


15.1. You may only use AWS MFA in connection with accessing your AWS
account.


15.2. Your use of AWS MFA requires the use of other Services. You are
responsible for all applicable fees associated with your use of other
Services in connection with AWS MFA.


15.3. You are solely responsible for the procurement and for the
configuration, operation, performance and security of any hardware or non-
AWS software that you use in connection with AWS MFA, including any
compatible authentication devices.


16. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)


16.1. You may only use Amazon RDS to store, query, retrieve and serve data
and other content owned, licensed or lawfully obtained by you. You
acknowledge that neither we nor our licensors are responsible in any
manner, and you are solely responsible, for the proper configuration of
database security groups and other security settings associated with Amazon
RDS.


16.2. You may store snapshots of Your Amazon RDS Content for later use in
Amazon RDS but snapshots cannot be downloaded outside the Services.


16.3. We may terminate your Amazon RDS database instance if you attempt to
access or tamper with any software we pre-load on the database instance,
including the operating system software running on the database instance.


16.4. You are responsible for configuring your backup retention period to
give yourself enough time to recover data from your backups in the event of
a hardware or file system failure.


16.5. Reserved DB Instance Pricing. You may designate Amazon RDS database
instances as subject to the reserved pricing and payment terms ("Reserved
DB Instance Pricing") set forth on the Amazon RDS detail page on the AWS
Site (each designated instance, a "Reserved DB Instance"). You may
designate database instances as Reserved DB Instance by calling to the
Purchasing API or selecting the Reserved DB Instance option in the AWS
console. When you designate a database instance as a Reserved DB Instance,
you must designate a region, instance type and quantity for the applicable
Reserved DB Instances. The Reserved DB Instances may only be used in the
designated region. We may change Reserved DB Instance Pricing at any time
but price changes will not apply to previously designated Reserved DB
Instances. We may terminate the Reserved DB Instance Pricing program at any
time. Reserved DB Instances are nontransferable and all amounts paid in
connection with the Reserved DB Instances are nonrefundable, except that if
we terminate the Agreement other than for cause, terminate an individual
Reserved DB Instance type, or terminate the Reserved DB Instance Pricing
program, we will refund you a pro rata portion of any up-front fee paid in
connection with any previously designated Reserved DB Instances. Upon
expiration or termination of the term of a Reserved DB Instance, the
Reserved DB Instance Pricing will expire and standard on-demand usage
prices will apply to the database instance. In addition to being subject to
Reserved DB Instance Pricing, Reserved DB Instances are subject to all data
transfer and other fees applicable under the Agreement.


16.6. Using Oracle Software.


16.6.1 “License Included”. As part of the Services, you may be allowed to
use certain software (including related documentation) described on the AWS
Site developed and owned by Oracle America, Inc. or its affiliates
(“Oracle”) and Oracle’s licensors (collectively, the “Oracle Software”). If
you choose to use the Oracle Software and do not already have a license
from Oracle for that Oracle Software, Oracle and its licensors require that
you agree to these additional terms and conditions:


    • Oracle or its licensors retains all ownership and intellectual
      property rights in the Oracle Software, and title to the Oracle
      Software does not transfer to you or any third party by virtue of this
      Agreement.
    • The Oracle Software is subject to a restricted license and may only be
      used in connection with the Service Offerings, and only by the
      individual or legal entity that entered into the Agreement.
    • You may only use the Oracle Software for your internal business
      operations and in accordance with the Agreement. You may permit agents
      or contractors (including outsourcers) to use the Oracle Software on
      your behalf for the purposes set forth in, and subject to, the
      Agreement, provided you are responsible for the agent’s, contractor’s
      and outsourcer’s compliance with the Agreement in connection with such
      use.
    • You may not:
         o assign, grant, or transfer the Oracle Software or any interest
           in the Oracle Software to another individual or entity, and if
           you purport to grant a security interest in the Oracle Software,
           the secured party will have no right to use or transfer the
           Oracle Software;
         o use the Oracle Software for rental, timesharing, subscription
           services, hosting, or outsourcing;
         o remove or modify any notice of Oracle’s or its licensors’
           proprietary rights;
         o make the Oracle Software available in any manner to any third
           party for use in the third party’s business operations;
         o duplicate, reverse engineer (unless required by law for
           interoperability), disassemble or decompile the Oracle Software
           (including by reviewing data structures or similar materials
           produced by the Oracle Software); or
         o publish any results of benchmark tests run on the Oracle
           Software.
    • Third party technology that may be appropriate or necessary for use
      with some Oracle Software is specified in the related documentation,
      and that third party technology is licensed to you only for use with
      the Service Offerings and under the terms of the third party license
      agreement specified in the documentation, not this Agreement.
    • To the extent permitted by applicable law, Oracle disclaims any
      liability for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental,
      special, punitive or consequential, and any loss of profits, revenue,
      data or data use, arising from your use of the Oracle Software.
    • Notwithstanding anything to the contrary elsewhere in the Agreement,
      Oracle is an intended third party beneficiary of the Agreement, but
      solely with respect to this Section 16.5 of these Service Terms.
    • The Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act does not apply to
      your use of the Oracle Software.
    • Upon any termination of the Agreement, you must discontinue use of the
      Oracle Software and any related documentation.


16.6.2 “Bring-Your-Own-License” (BYOL). Under the BYOL option, Amazon RDS
enable you to provision Oracle Software to Amazon EC2 instances and use the
management capabilities of Amazon RDS for the Oracle Software. You can use
the Oracle Software with Amazon RDS if you meet the following conditions:


    • You must have a valid license with “Software Update License & Support”
      for the Oracle Software you wish to run. The terms of your existing
      license and support agreement(s) with Oracle continue to apply to your
      use of the Oracle Software; and
    • You must follow Oracle’s current policies for licensing Oracle
      Database software in the cloud computing environment. The database
      instances using the Oracle Software with Amazon RDS reside in the
      Amazon EC2 environment.


16.7 Using Microsoft Software.


16.7.1 "License Included" In conjunction with the Services, you may be
allowed to use certain software (including related documentation) developed
and owned by Microsoft Corporation or its licensors (collectively, the
“Microsoft Software”). If you choose to use the Microsoft Software,
Microsoft and its licensors require that you agree to these additional
terms and conditions:


    • The Microsoft Software is neither sold nor distributed to you and you
      may use it solely in conjunction with the Services.
    • You may not transfer or use the Microsoft Software outside the
      Services.
    • You may not remove, modify or obscure any copyright, trademark or
      other proprietary rights notices that are contained in or on the
      Microsoft Software.
    • You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the Microsoft
      Software, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law.
    • Microsoft disclaims, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all
      warranties by Microsoft and any liability by Microsoft or its
      suppliers for any damages, whether direct, indirect, or consequential,
      arising from the Services.
    • Microsoft is not responsible for providing any support in connection
      with the Services. Do not contact Microsoft for support.
    • You are not granted any right to use the Microsoft Software in any
      application controlling aircraft or other modes of human mass
      transportation, nuclear or chemical facilities, life support systems,
      implantable medical equipment, motor vehicles, weaponry systems, or
      any similar scenario (collectively, "High Risk Use"). Microsoft and
      its suppliers disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for
      High Risk Use. High Risk Use does not include utilization of the
      Microsoft Software for administrative purposes, to store configuration
      data, engineering and/or configuration tools, or other non-control
      applications, the failure of which would not result in death, personal
      injury, or severe physical or environmental damage. These non-
      controlling applications may communicate with the applications that
      perform the control, but must not be directly or indirectly
      responsible for the control function.
    • SQL Server Web Edition may be used only to support public and Internet
      accessible Web pages, Web sites, Web applications or Web services. It
      may not be used to support line of business applications (e.g.,
      Customer Relationship Management, Enterprise Resource Management and
      other similar applications).


16.7.2 License Mobility with Software Assurance (Bring Your Own License or
BYOL). Under this option, Amazon RDS enable you to provision Microsoft SQL
Server Software to Amazon EC2 instances and use the management capabilities
of Amazon RDS for the SQL Server Software. You can use this benefit if only
you meet the requirements and have signed up as described here.


17. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)


17.1. You may only use Amazon SNS to send notifications to parties who have
agreed to receive notifications from you.


17.2. We may throttle or restrict notifications if we determine, in our
sole discretion, that your activity may be in violation of the AWS
Acceptable Use Policy or the Agreement.


17.3. Your notifications sent through Amazon SNS may be blocked, delayed or
prevented from being delivered by destination servers and other reasons
outside of our control and there is no warranty that the service or content
will be uninterrupted, secure or error free or that notifications will
reach their intended destination during any stated time-frame. In addition,
you acknowledge that we may not be able to provide the service if a
wireless carrier delivering Amazon SNS notifications by short messaging
service (SMS) terminates or suspends their service. Your payment
obligations may continue regardless of whether delivery of your
notifications are prevented, delayed or blocked.


17.4. You may not use Amazon SNS to send SMS messages that include Premium
Content (as defined in the Mobile Marketing Association Guidelines). You
may not charge recipients for receiving Amazon SNS notifications by SMS
unless you have obtained the recipient’s express consent. You must advise
recipients receiving Amazon SNS notification by SMS that wireless carriers
may charge the recipient to receive Amazon SNS notifications by SMS. You
must obtain our prior written consent before using Amazon SNS to send SMS
messages for:


    • financial transactions or payment services (e.g., mobile banking, bill
      presentment, bill payment, money transfer, peer-to-peer payment or
      lending credit, debit or stored value payment services);
    • charitable programs (e.g., soliciting donations for a non-profit
      organization);
    • sweepstakes or contests;
    • advertisements or promotions for commercial products, goods or
      services; or
    • location-based services (e.g., where a recipient receives messages
      based on the geographical location of the recipient’s wireless
      device).


18. Consolidated Billing


18.1. You may only use Consolidated Billing as described in this Section
and on the AWS Site to (i) link an AWS account (the “Paying Account”) with
another AWS account (each, a “Linked Account”), or (ii) allow an AWS
account to be linked to a Paying Account. You may only link accounts held
by you, your affiliates or your employees, or by your agents or
subcontractors currently doing work on your behalf. If an agent or
subcontractor ceases doing work on your behalf, you will promptly unlink
the applicable account. When accounts are linked, the Paying Account will
be billed for and will pay all applicable charges for each Linked Account
in accordance with the payment provisions in the Agreement while the
accounts are linked. By linking your Linked Account to a Paying Account,
you consent to disclosing your billing and account activity for that Linked
Account to the Paying Account. We will determine the number of accounts
that may be linked. An account may unlink another account from it at any
time. As soon as a Linked Account is unlinked from a Paying Account, the
Linked Account will be billed for and will pay all applicable charges for
the Linked Account in accordance with payment provisions in the Agreement.
If a Paying Account is terminated for failure to satisfy the payment
provisions in the Agreement, then all linked Accounts associated with the
Paying Account will be unlinked. We may unlink a Linked Account from a
Paying Account at any time upon notice to both accounts in accordance with
the Agreement, except that accounts linked in violation of this Section
18.1 may be unlinked by us immediately and without notice. Paying Accounts
and Linked Accounts are jointly and severally liable for all fees accrued
by Linked Accounts while the accounts are linked. Accordingly, if a Paying
Account fails to pay for fees accrued by a Linked Account while the
accounts are linked, the Linked Account remains liable for such fees.


19. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)


19.1. You may use IAM to create additional sets of security credentials
(the “User Credentials”) under your AWS account, the format of which may
include a username and password, roles, policies, permissions, access keys,
and/or a security token. The User Credentials are subject to change: (a) by
you through the IAM APIs, or (b) if we determine in our reasonable
discretion that a change is necessary. We will promptly notify you of any
change we make to the User Credentials.


19.2. You will ensure that all use of the Services under the User
Credentials complies with the terms and conditions of the customer
agreement between you and us that governs your use of the Services.


19.3. You are responsible for all applicable fees associated with use of
the Services in connection with IAM, including fees incurred as a result of
any User Credentials. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy and
security of the User Credentials (other than any key that we expressly
permit you to use publicly). You are solely responsible, and we have no
liability, for any activities that occur under the User Credentials,
regardless of whether such activities are undertaken by you, your
employees, agents, subcontractors or customers, or any other third party.
You are responsible for the creation, distribution, and security (including
enabling of access) of all User Credentials created under your AWS account,
including credentials that you have used IAM to create or disclose to other
parties.


19.4. Except as otherwise provided by AWS, you may only use User
Credentials for your internal use and may not expose your User Credentials
publicly. You may not sell, transfer or sublicense or authorize the
creation of User Credentials (other than public use of any key that we
expressly permit you to use publicly) to any other party; provided that,
you may disclose or cause to be disclosed User Credentials to your agents
or subcontractors that are performing services for you, solely to allow the
agents or subcontractors to use the Services on your behalf in accordance
with the agreement between you and us that governs your use of the
Services.


19.5. Any third party identity provider that you use in connection with the
Service Offerings is Third Party Content under the Agreement and may be
provided directly to you by a third party under separate terms and
conditions. You are solely responsible for complying with those terms and
conditions. We may change, discontinue or deprecate support for an identity
provider for any reason, including if the continued use of the identity
service (a) poses a security or intellectual property issue, (b) is
economically or technically burdensome, or (c) must be terminated to comply
with the law or requests of governmental entities.


20. Amazon Route 53


20.1. You may use Amazon Route 53 to answer Domain Name System (DNS)
queries for your applications.


20.2. You will not create a hosted zone for a domain that you do not own or
have authority over.


20.3. All DNS records used in connection with Amazon Route 53 will be
publicly available and AWS will have no liability for disclosure of those
DNS records.


21. AWS Elastic Beanstalk


21.1. The URL used in connection with an AWS Elastic Beanstalk environment
will have the formulation [myapp].elasticbeanstalk.com. You will select the
“myapp” portion of the URL and will not:


    • include any trademark of Amazon or its affiliates, or a variant or
      misspelling of a trademark of Amazon or its affiliates – for example,
      , , , , , or would be unsuitable; or
    • otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of any third party
      or the AWS Acceptable Use Policy (including, without limitation,
      containing any offensive, harmful or illegal content).


AWS may reject any URL that fails to comply with this Section. Further, AWS
may modify any URL in order to make it compliant with this Section. In
addition, AWS may treat any URL that fails to comply with this Section as
Prohibited Content.


21.2. The [myapp] portion of the URL is reserved for you only during the
time your application environment is running. If you stop running your
application environment at any time, for any reason, the [myapp] portion of
the URL you were using to run the application environment will no longer be
available to you, and will be returned to a pool from which it may be used
by another AWS customer.


21.3. AWS may make available reference or sample applications for you to
use in connection with AWS Elastic Beanstalk (“Elastic Beanstalk Sample
Apps”). Elastic Beanstalk Sample Apps are provided “as is” and you will be
charged the same fees for running Elastic Beanstalk Sample Apps as you
would be charged for running your own application.


21.4. AWS Elastic Beanstalk is offered at no additional charge, but
requires the use of other AWS services. You are responsible for all fees
incurred for AWS services used in connection with AWS Elastic Beanstalk.


22. Amazon Simple Email Service (SES)


22.1. We take steps to increase the security and reliability of email you
send or attempt to send using SES (“SES Email”). Like many email service
providers, when you send or attempt to send an email, we (or our third-
party providers) may scan your SES Email and Your Content included in SES
Email. This helps us protect you and SES by preventing and blocking “spam”
e-mails, viruses and spyware, and other harmful or unwanted items from
being sent over SES.


22.2. Your use of SES and all SES Email must comply with the AWS Acceptable
Use Policy and the Agreement. We may throttle, suspend or terminate your
access to SES, or block or decline to send any SES Email, if we determine
in our sole discretion that


    • our scan of SES Email or Your Content included in SES Email reveals
      abusive or low quality email (such as “spam”),
    • SES Email bounces back to us or we receive abuse complaints (including
      complaints from third parties) in connection with your SES Email,
    • the source or ReturnPath email address you have provided us for
      “address bounces” or complaints is not successfully receiving email,
      or
    • your use of SES Email does not comply with the AWS Acceptable Use
      Policy or the Agreement, or
    • your SES Emails or Your Content include an attachment in a format that
      we do not support.


22.3. Your SES Emails may be blocked, delayed or prevented from being
delivered by destination email servers and other reasons outside of our
control. Your payment obligations continue regardless of whether delivery
of your emails is prevented, delayed or blocked.


22.4. You are solely responsible for ensuring any emails you send using SES
comply with the Federal CAN-SPAM Act. AWS is not the “sender” as defined in
the Federal CAN-SPAM Act. You will not use SES in connection with an open
mail relay, including, without limitation, an open mail relay in the form
of an SMTP server, unrestricted web form, or otherwise.


23. AWS CloudFormation


23.1. You may use AWS CloudFormation to create a collection of AWS
resources and provision them.


23.2. AWS may make sample templates available for you to use in connection
with AWS CloudFormation. All sample templates are offered “as is” and you
are solely responsible for your use of the sample templates.


23.3. Any templates you use in connection with AWS CloudFormation must
comply with the Agreement and the AWS Acceptable Use Policy and you are
solely responsible for your use of any templates.


23.4. AWS CloudFormation is offered at no additional charge, but requires
the use of other AWS services. You are responsible for all fees incurred
for AWS services used in connection with AWS CloudFormation.


24. AWS Direct Connect


24.1. You may use AWS Direct Connect to establish a dedicated network
connection between your network and your AWS resources by using connection
types and locations supported by AWS. When you establish a dedicated
connection, your network traffic that would have otherwise been routed over
the Internet may be routed through your dedicated network connection,
including your network traffic sent to or from (i) services offered by
other affiliates of Amazon.com, Inc. or (ii) the AWS resources of other AWS
customers.


24.2. The hardware and equipment you use with AWS Direct Connect must
comply with the Documentation provided by AWS. You are responsible for
protecting your AWS Direct Connect connections, including using physical
security, firewalls and other network security tools as appropriate.


24.3. AWS will permit data center operator or other service provider to
connect your hardware to AWS’s hardware at the AWS Direct Connect
location(s) that you select. AWS will provide the necessary information to
enable the data center operator or other service provider to establish and
monitor this connection, including your name, email address, network
configuration, activity information, and AWS account number.


24.4. You are responsible for your separate relationship with the data
center operator or other service provider, including compliance with your
agreement with, and the policies and procedures of, the data center
operator or other service provider, and payment of applicable fees to the
data center operator or other service provider. You are responsible for
providing or procuring (and AWS will not own) any equipment or cabling
necessary to establish this dedicated connection. Neither AWS nor any of
its affiliates are responsible for the actions, errors or omissions of any
employees or contractors of data center operators or service providers,
including if the employees or contractors fail to follow instructions from
you or AWS.


24.5. We may disconnect your AWS Direct Connect connection at any time for
any reason. If the connection you establish as part of AWS Direct Connect
is temporarily unavailable or terminated, AWS will route traffic bound for
your AWS resources over the public Internet and AWS’s standard data
transfer charges will apply. However, if you are using Amazon Virtual
Private Cloud (VPC), traffic bound for your Amazon VPC resources will be
routed through an IPsec VPN connection. If an IPsec VPN connection is
unavailable, traffic bound for your Amazon VPC resources will not be
delivered.


25. Amazon ElastiCache


25.1. You may only use Amazon ElastiCache to store, query, retrieve and
serve Your Content. You are solely responsible, for the proper
configuration of all security settings associated with Amazon ElastiCache.


25.2. You may not access or tamper with any software we install on the
cache nodes as part of Amazon ElastiCache.


25.3. Amazon ElastiCache is designed for the ephemeral storage of Your
Content. You are responsible for maintaining a persistent data storage for
Your Content, and routinely archiving Your Content to prevent the loss of
Your Content.


25.3. Replacement cache nodes automatically generated by Amazon ElastiCache
may have different IP address, and you are responsible for reviewing your
application configuration to ensure that your cache nodes are associated
with the appropriate IP addresses.


25.4. We may apply software updates on your behalf if we determine there is
a security vulnerability in the system or software we install on the cache
nodes as part of Amazon ElastiCache.


25.5. Reserved Cache Node Pricing. You may designate Amazon ElastiCache
cache node as subject to the reserved pricing and payment terms ("Reserved
Cache Node Pricing") set forth on the Amazon ElastiCache detail page on the
AWS Site (each designated instance, a "Reserved Cache Node"). You may
designate cache nodes as Reserved Cache Nodes by calling to the Purchasing
API or selecting the Reserved Cache Node option in the AWS console. When
you designate a cache node as Reserved Cache Node, you must designate a
region, cache node type, Reserved Cache Node type, and quantity for the
applicable Reserved Cache Node. The Reserved Cache Node may only be used in
the designated region. We may change Reserved Cache Node Pricing at any
time but price changes will not apply to previously designated Reserved
Cache Nodes. We may terminate the Reserved Cache Node Pricing program at
any time. Reserved Cache Nodes are nontransferable and all amounts paid in
connection with the Reserved Cache Nodes are nonrefundable, except that if
we terminate the Agreement other than for cause, terminate an individual
Reserved Cache Node type, or terminate the Reserved Cache Node Pricing
program, we will refund you a pro rata portion of any up-front fee paid in
connection with any previously designated Reserved Cache Nodes. Upon
expiration or termination of the term of a Reserved Cache Node, the
Reserved Cache Node Pricing will expire and standard on-demand usage prices
will apply to the cache node. In addition to being subject to Reserved
Cache Node Pricing, Reserved Cache Nodes are subject to all data transfer
and other fees applicable under the Agreement.


26. Amazon Web Services Support (AWS Support)


26.1. We will provide “Support” in accordance with the terms of AWS Support
Features page available at http://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/features
(the “Guidelines”). AWS Support is available only as described in the
Guidelines. If you are experiencing problems with one or more Services in
connection with your use of any Content that was provided to you by a third
party (someone other than yourself or AWS) then AWS Support is not
available.


26.2. In providing AWS Support, AWS will use commercially reasonable
efforts to (a) respond within the “Response Times” set forth in the
Guidelines for all properly submitted cases from authorized individuals,
and (b) work towards the identification and resolution of the problems
submitted. When submitting a case, you may designate the severity level of
a problem; provided that, we reserve the right to reclassify the severity
level in our reasonable opinion. All Response Times are measured from the
point when a case has been properly submitted by an authorized individual
to us. Cases may be submitted as specified in the Guidelines. We do not
represent, warrant or guarantee that (i) we will always be able to resolve
a case fully, (ii) you will no longer experience a problem, (iii) we will
provide a bug fix, patch or other workaround in connection with the
identified problem, or (iv) any support or advice will result in any
performance efficiency or improvement. You are solely responsible for the
implementation and results of any suggestions or advice received.


26.3. Unless otherwise set forth in the Guidelines, AWS Support fees will
be the greater of (a) the specified minimum monthly fee, or (b) a
percentage of your monthly usage charges for all Services during the
billing period. Regardless of when you sign up or terminate AWS Support,
you are obligated to pay for a minimum of thirty (30) days of support each
time you register to receive the service. Implementation of any suggested
configurations or improvements may result in additional fees and charges.
We reserve the right to refuse to provide AWS Support to any customer that
frequently registers for and terminates the service.


27. AWS GovCloud (US) Service Terms


27.1 You are responsible for satisfying any applicable eligibility
requirements for using the AWS GovCloud (US) Region including providing
accurate and current registration information. We may require you to
provide additional registration information before we permit you to access
the AWS GovCloud (US) Region. Such information may include your U.S. person
status, as defined by 22 CFR part 120.15 (“US Person”), and whether you are
subject to export restrictions under U.S. export control laws and
regulations. We may make, directly or through third parties, any inquiries
we consider necessary to validate information that you provide to us,
including without limitation checking commercial and/or governmental
databases. While we may take steps to verify the identity of our Customers,
we cannot and do not guarantee any Customer's identity.


27.2 AWS is responsible for maintaining access controls to the AWS GovCloud
(US) Region that limit AWS personnel’s physical and logical access to the
“AWS Network” to US Persons only. The AWS Network consists of AWS’s
internal data center facilities, servers, networking equipment, and host
software systems that are within AWS’s reasonable control and are used to
provide the AWS Services. You are responsible for all physical and logical
access controls beyond the AWS Network including, but not limited to,
Customer or End User account access, data transmission, encryption, and
appropriate storage and processing of your Content within the AWS GovCloud
(US) region. AWS makes no representation or warranty related to the US
Persons status of any Customer or End Users that may be granted access to
the AWS GovCloud (US) Region by other Customers and their End Users.


27.3 You are responsible for verifying the adequacy of the AWS GovCloud
(US) Region for the processing and storage of your Content and that your
use of AWS Services will comply with the laws and regulations that may
govern your Content. You are also solely responsible for verifying that End
Users are eligible to access your Content in the AWS GovCloud (US) region.


27.4 You may only use Amazon VPC to connect your computing resources to the
AWS GovCloud (US) region.


27.5 AWS Services may not be used to process or store classified data. If
you or your end users introduce classified data into the AWS Network, you
will be responsible for all sanitization costs incurred by AWS.


28. Amazon DynamoDB


28.1 You will be charged for the throughput capacity (reads and writes) you
provision in your Amazon DynamoDB tables even if you do not fully utilize
the provisioned capacity.


28.2 The actual reads and writes performance of your Amazon DynamoDB tables
may vary and may be less than the throughput capacity that you provision.


28.3 Reserved Capacity Pricing. You may purchase reserved throughput
capacity (reads and writes) subject to the pricing and payment terms set
forth on the Amazon DynamoDB detail page on the AWS Site ("Amazon DynamoDB
Reserved Capacity"). You may purchase Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity by
submitting a request through the AWS console. When you purchase Amazon
DynamoDB Reserved Capacity, you must designate a region, quantity, and
term. You will be charged (1) a one-time, up-front fee and (2) an hourly
fee for each hour during the term based on the amount of Amazon DynamoDB
Reserved Capacity you purchase. The Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity may
only be used in the designated region and only by the account that
purchased the Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity. We may change the pricing
for Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity at any time, but price changes will
not apply to previously purchased Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity. We may
terminate the Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity program at any time. Amazon
DynamoDB Reserved Capacity is nontransferable and all amounts paid in
connection with the Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity are nonrefundable,
except that if we terminate the Agreement (other than for cause) or the
Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity program, we will refund you a pro rata
portion of any up-front fee paid in connection with any previously
purchased Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity. Upon expiration or termination
of the term of any Amazon DynamoDB Reserved Capacity, standard on-demand
usage prices will apply to the your use of Amazon DynamoDB. Amazon DynamoDB
Reserved Capacity is also subject to all storage, data transfer and other
fees applicable under the Agreement.


29. AWS Storage Gateway


29.1 You may only use the AWS Storage Gateway on computer equipment owned
or controlled by you for your internal business purposes, solely to access
Your Content used in connection with the Services. Your use of the AWS
Storage Gateway is governed by the AWS Storage Gateway License, located
here: AWS Storage Gateway License Agreement


30. AWS Marketplace


30.1 The AWS Marketplace is a venue operated by AWS that allows Content to
be offered, sold, and bought. Content may sold by AWS or a third party, and
the party offering or selling the Content may specify separate terms and
conditions and privacy policies for the use of the Content. If the Content
is offered or sold by a third party, that party will be the seller of
record for the Content. AWS is not a party to the terms with respect to
Content offered or sold by third parties. Any Content of third parties
offered through the AWS Marketplace constitutes “Third Party Content” under
the Agreement. While AWS may help facilitate the resolution of disputes
between you and third parties, AWS is not responsible for Third Party
Content and has no control over and does not guarantee the quality, safety
or legality of items advertised, the truth or accuracy of Third Party
Content or listings, or the ability of sellers to offer the Content.


30.2 Except to the extent Content is provided to you under a separate
license that expressly states otherwise, neither you nor any End User may,
or may attempt to, (a) modify, alter, tamper with, repair, or otherwise
create derivative works of any Content, (b) reverse engineer, disassemble,
or decompile the Content or apply any other process or procedure to derive
the source code of any software included in the Content, (c) resell or
sublicense the Content, (d) transfer Content outside the Services without
specific authorization to do so, or (e) tamper with or circumvent any
controls or make unauthorized copies of the Content.


30.3 AWS may stop providing the AWS Marketplace (or any features of or
listings within the AWS Marketplace) to you at AWS’s sole discretion,
without prior notice to you. In addition, AWS may disable or remove Content
already purchased, if AWS determines in its sole discretion that the
Content may violate any AWS policies or any other regulations, policies or
laws.


30.4 You authorize AWS, its affiliates, and its third-party payment
processors and any service providers to charge the payment method you
select in your AWS account for Content that you purchase in the AWS
Marketplace. This may include one-time payments as well as recurring
payments. A “recurring payment” is a payment that occurs at the specified
intervals and amounts provided at the time of purchase (e.g. annually or
monthly). The applicable fees and billing periods for the Content are
listed on the confirmation screen when you place your order. Your
authorizations will remain until cancelled. You may cancel your
subscriptions at any time by logging into “Your Software Subscriptions” on
the AWS Site. Unless we specify otherwise, only valid credit cards may be
used to purchase a recurring payment subscription.


31. AWS Data Pipeline


31.1 You may only use the AWS Data Pipeline on computer equipment owned or
controlled by you for your internal business purposes, solely to access
Your Content used in connection with the Services.


31.2 Your use of the AWS Data Pipeline Remote Runner is governed by the AWS
Data Pipeline Remote Runner License, located here: AWS Data Pipeline Remote
Runner License Agreement.


32. Amazon Elastic Transcoder


32.1 The further distribution of files created by Amazon Elastic Transcoder
may require that you obtain license rights from third parties, including
owners or licensors of certain third party audio and video formats. You are
solely responsible for obtaining these licenses and paying any necessary
royalties or fees.


32.2 We do not represent, warrant or guarantee the quality of any files you
create through your use of Amazon Elastic Transcoder or that the files will
be of a certain fidelity or error free.


33. AWS OpsWorks


33.1 You may use AWS OpsWorks to create a collection of AWS resources and
provision them.


33.2 AWS may make sample templates available for you to use in connection
with AWS OpsWorks. Sample templates may include chef recipes and/or sample
code. All sample templates are offered “as is” and you are solely
responsible for your use of the sample templates.


33.3. Any templates you use in connection with AWS OpsWorks must comply
with the Agreement and the AWS Acceptable Use Policy and you are solely
responsible for your use of any templates.


33.4. AWS OpsWorks is offered at no additional charge, but requires the use
of other AWS services. You are responsible for all fees incurred for AWS
services used in connection with AWS OpsWorks.


34. AWS CloudHSM


34.1 You may not access, modify, update or tamper with, or attempt to
access, modify, update or tamper with, any of the software installed on the
HSM device, except as expressly permitted by us.


34.2 As part of the AWS CloudHSM service, AWS will provide access to HSM
devices of its choosing. You have no ownership or rental rights in the
specific HSM device to which we provide you access in the course of
providing the AWS CloudHSM service.


34.3. In conjunction with the AWS CloudHSM service, you may be allowed to
use certain software (including related documentation) developed and owned
by SafeNet, Inc. or its licensors (collectively, the “SafeNet Software”).
In connection with your use of the SafeNet Software, SafeNet and its
licensors require that you agree to the additional terms and conditions
located here.


34.4. If you elect to discontinue use of a HSM device, you must issue a
command to delete the contents of the device (i.e., “zero-ize” the device).
You will continue to be charged for use of an HSM device until the device
has been zero-ized out and you notify us that you wish to discontinue the
service.


34.5. Failure of an HSM device can result in unrecoverable data loss. We do
not perform backups or implement fault tolerant configurations on your
behalf. You are solely responsible for backup and fault tolerant
configurations.”

