
                          BAND PERFORMANCE CONTRACT


   This contract (the "Agreement") is made on this day of
__________,____,between [OPERATOR] (the "Operator") and
[_____________________](the "Band") for the hiring of Band as independent
contractors to perform (the "Show") for Operator at
_____________________(the "Venue"), located at the address [ADDRESS OF
VENUE].


It is agreed as follows:


1. Place, date, and time of Show. The parties agree that the time and place
of Show will be Venue, located at the address [ADDRESS OF VENUE], on the
[DAY] day of [MONTH, YEAR,] at 9 pm.


2. Description of Show. Show will be a musical performance with musical
content decided by Band. Show will last of a minimum of ____ minutes.


3. Payment. Compensation for the Show will be __________ dollars, payable
by ______________payable by cashier's check, cash, etc... whatever you like
(together being the "Fee"). A 50% deposit of Fee is due on the signing of
this contract. This is a required condition for the contract to proceed; if
a 50% deposit of Fee is not tendered upon the signing of this contract, no
further obligation for either party comes due. The remaining 50% of Fee is
due immediately prior to Band's Show, but may be made earlier.


4. Cancellation. If full payment is not made by the time immediately prior
to Band's Show, Show may be cancelled by Band, and Operator may not seek
any damages. Cancellation may be made by Operator before two days prior to
the time of Show, in which case Operator's 50% deposit of Fee is non-
refundable, but Operator will not have to pay the remaining 50% of Fee. If
Show is cancelled within 2 days of Show, Operator must pay Band's full Fee.
Band may cancel at any time prior to ticket sales by Operator, in which
case Band must refund Fee in its entirety.


5. Force Majeure. In the event Show cannot reasonably be put on because of
unpredictable occurrences such as an act of nature, government, or
illness/disability of Band, the 50% deposit of Fee is non-refundable, but
no other portion of Fee is due, and the parties may negotiate a substitute
Show on the same terms as this Agreement save for the time of Show, with no
further deposit of Fee due, in which case a new Agreement reflecting this
will be signed by the parties. No further damages may be sought for failure
to perform because of force majeure.


6. Band Guest Tickets. Operator will make available to Band # of tix
complimentary tickets to Show for Band to use at Band's sole discretion.


7. Food and Drink. Operator will provide Band with meals meals or cash
buyout (at $8/person), and 10 bottles of water.


8. Parking. Operator will secure sufficient parking for Band's large cargo
van within a reasonably convenient distance to Venue for a minimum period
of 2 hours prior to the show and lasting until 1 hour after the show.


9. Sound Systems Check. A sound check conducted by Band of Venue's sound
system is required, at a time to be mutually arranged between Band and
Operator.


10. Security, Health, and Safety. Operator warrants that Venue will be of
sufficient size to safely conduct Show, that Venue is of stable
construction and sufficiently protected from weather, and that there will
be adequate security and/or emergency medical responders available if
foreseeably necessary. Operator maintains sufficient personal
injury/property insurance for Venue sufficient to cover foreseeable claims.


11. Indemnification. Operator indemnifies and holds Band harmless for any
claims of property damage or bodily injury caused by Show attendees.


12. Arbitration settles disputes. All claims or disputes by either party
from or under this Agreement will be submitted to arbitration using the
service located at URL resource locator: http://www.judge.me (the
"Arbitration Service") and according to the rules of that Arbitration
Service. Any court that would otherwise have had jurisdiction over the
dispute will enforce both settlement by the Arbitration Service and any
arbitration award. Parties will be their own costs, save that any fee
charged by Arbitration Service to submit the case to Arbitration Service
may be recovered from the other party in a arbitration award.


13. Severability. If any portion of Agreement is in conflict with any
applicable law, such portion will become inoperative, but all other
portions of Agreement will remain in force.


14. Interpretation. Agreement will be interpreted according to the laws of
Homestate.


15. Riders. Nothing in Agreement shall prevent any rider from being added
to Agreement that is favorable to Band, as judged by Band. All riders must
be in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought.


The below-signed Band Representative warrants s/he has authority to
enforceably sign this agreement for Band in its entirety. The below signed
Operator's Representative warrants s/he has authority to bind Operator and
Venue (above).


Signature of Band Representative: ____________________


Band's Representative typed name and title:
________________________________________


Band's typed name:
___________________________________________________________


Operator's Representative Signature: __________________


Operator's Representative typed name and title:
_____________________________________

