
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE BORROWER], referred to as BORROWER, and [ENTER THE
NAME OF THE BANK], referred to as BANK, agree:


That the BANK shall lend sums of money to the BORROWER from time to time,
including:


Principal amount: $ [ENTER THE AMOUNT OF THE LOAN IN NUMERALS] ([ENTER THE
AMOUNT OF THE LOAN IN NUMERALS] dollars)


The initial rate for the loan shall be: [ENTER THE INITIAL INTEREST RATE
FOR THE LOAN]%


The interest rate shall be adjusted every [ENTER THE NUMBER OF DAYS BETWEEN
ADJUSTMENTS] days from the closing date of the loan


The first adjustment shall take place on [ENTER THE DATE FOR THE FIRST
ADJUSTMENT IN INTEREST RATE]


The overall maximum rate for the loan shall be: [ENTER THE OVERALL MINIMUM
RATE OF INTEREST]%


The rate on the loan shall not be less than: [ENTER THE MAXIMUM CHANGE OF
INTEREST RATE PER ADJUSTMENT]%


The reference rate used for adjustment shall be: 637


The BANK shall lend the BORROWER the sum of $ [ENTER THE AMOUNT OF THE LOAN
IN NUMERALS] ([ENTER THE AMOUNT OF THE LOAN IN NUMERALS] dollars) at an
interest rate of [ENTER THE INTEREST RATE FOR THE LOAN] per cent,
compounded [THE LOAN INTEREST RATE WILL BE COMPOUNDED]. This is equivalent
to an ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE (as calculated under Regulation Z) of [ENTER
INTEREST RATE AS AN APR UNDER REGULATION Z] %.


The advance made herein shall be evidenced by a promissory note. The
following will be the terms of repayment:


The note shall be paid in following installments:


[ENTER THE INSTALLMENTS]


The note shall be due, in full, on [ENTER THE DATE WHEN THE NOTE IS DUE].


BORROWER assigns to BANK any and all deposits with BANK as additional
collateral to BANK. Upon default, BANK shall be entitled to set off the
deposits in satisfaction of any sum due to BANK by the BORROWER.


At all times that BORROWER is indebted to BANK, BORROWER shall maintain a
minimum deposit balance with the BANK of $ [ENTER THE AMOUNT OF THE
OFFSETTING DEPOSIT IN NUMERALS] ([ENTER THE AMOUNT OF THE OFFSETTING
DEPOSIT IN NUMERALS] dollars) in [ENTER THE NAME OF THE ACCOUNT] account.


The BORROWER will provide to BANK a financial statement every [STATEMENT TO
BE PROVIDED (IN MONTHS)] months.


The BORROWER shall not use the proceeds of this loan for household,
personal or family obligations.


The BORROWER represents that the loan proceeds will be used for business
purposes.


The BORROWER shall maintain a life insurance policy in the following
amounts related to the following individuals:


Individuals: [ENTER NAMES OF INDIVIDUALS TO BE INSURED]


Amounts: [ENTER AMOUNTS OF INSURANCE PER INDIVIDUAL]


THe BORROWER shall not be required to obtain the same through BANK and may
assign policies from insurers licensed to offer life insurance in the State
of [ENTER STATE WHERE LOAN IS TO BE REPAID].


The BORROWER shall maintain a credit disability insurance policy in the
following amounts related to the following individuals:


Individuals: [ENTER NAMES OF INDIVIDUALS TO BE INSURED]


Amounts: [ENTER AMOUNTS OF INSURANCE PER INDIVIDUAL]


The BORROWER shall not be required to obtain the same through BANK and may
assign policies from insurers licensed to offer credit disability insurance
in the State of [ENTER STATE WHERE LOAN IS TO BE REPAID].


The extension of credit made herein shall be secured by a lien on the
following property:


[ENTER PROPERTY TO BE LIENED]


and BORROWER shall execute such financing statements and security interests
as BANK may reasonably require from time to time to perfect its security
interest.


[DATE]


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE BORROWER]


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE BANK]

