
This agreement is between [[CLIENT 1 NAME]], hereinafter referred to as the
"Client", and [[PHOTOGRAPHER NAME]], hereinafter referred to as the
"Photographer(s)".

Date of Event: [[EVENT DATE]]



Event Name: [[EVENT NAME]]


Start Time: [[EVENT START TIME]]
Ending Time: [[EVENT ENDING TIME]]

[[CLIENT 1 NAME]]
Address: [[CLIENT 1 ADDRESS]]
Email: [[CLIENT 1 EMAIL]]
Phone: [[CLIENT 1 PHONE]]


Location
Name of Location:[[EVENT LOCATION NAME]]
Address: [[EVENT LOCATION ADDRESS]]


Amount agreed: $[[COST OF SERVICES AGREED UPON]]


Booking fee/deposit: $[[BOOKING FEE/DEPOSIT AMOUNT]]

The booking fee is due on signing this agreement (Booking Fee is [[BOOKING
FEE PERCENTAGE]]% of the amount due or flat rate of $100 whichever is
greater), with the balance of the amount agreed due [BALANCE DUE DATE #
DAYS]days before the day of the event.


The Client agrees to provide a meal for the Photographer if the length of
attendance exceeds five hours.


Entire Agreement: This agreement contains the entire understanding between
the Client and the Photographer.


Confirmation: A signed “Contract for Event Photography Services” and
payment of the booking fee are necessary to confirm the stated event
services from the Photographer.

Cooperation: The Clients and the Photographer consent to happily
cooperating and communicating with each other to achieve the best possible
result within the understanding of this contract. We recommend that the
Photographer be provided with a helper (someone who knows most of the
guests) who will point out key individuals to be photographed. The
Photographer may also require assistance in organizing groups. The Clients
also agree to give the Photographer sufficient warning of key events to
give the Photographer time to prepare e.g. cutting the cake, speeches,
performances, etc. Please note that not all guests like having their photo
taken. In such cases, the Photographer will use his discretion but cannot
be held responsible for a lack of photos of these people.


Copyright Law: The copyright of photographs remains with the Photographer.
The images taken by the Photographer are for personal use by the Clients
and their associates and/or friends and relatives. Sale, Publication or any
Commercial use of the photographs is not allowed without prior written
permission from the Photographer.


Social Media: It is understandable that the Client might want to post their
new photographs on the Internet via Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Instagram,
and/or any other social media outlets. This agreement will serve to allow
posting low-resolution or high-resolution photos to social media sites,
only in the case that [[PHOTOGRAHERS COMPANY]] is credited and that photos
are NOT altered with editing or filters. Additionally, it is understood
that the client will NOT remove, or have removed, watermarks from Internet
images [[PHOTOGRAPHERS COMPANY]] has uploaded to Facebook or their website,
or from the low-resolution images offered for free to clients who have
purchased prints. The Client or any guest can purchase photographs that do
not have a watermark.


You are permitted to click the “share” button on any photos posted to
[[PHOTOGRAPHERS COMPANY]]’s facebook (http://www.facebook.com/jussbyjs)
page or website (http://www.jussmedia.com). Sharing can NOT be done via
screenshots of photos on Facebook or the Proofing gallery.


Model Release: The Client grant the Photographer and its legal
representatives, heirs and assigns, the irrevocable and unlimited consent
to use the photographs of the Clients for editorial, competition,
advertising and any other purpose and in any manner, to alter the
photographs without restriction, and to copyright the images. The Clients
hereby release the Photographer and its legal representatives, heirs and
assigns from all liability and claims in connection with the images.


Limit of Liability: If a photographer is too ill or becomes injured and
cannot supply the event services specified above the Photographer will try
to book a replacement photographer. If a replacement photographer cannot be
found then liability is limited to a refund of any payments received. The
Photographers have working methods in place to prevent loss or damage to
your images. However, there is the unlikely possibility that images may be
lost, stolen or destroyed for reasons in or beyond our control. In these
circumstances, liability is limited to the return of fees paid for the
service or part thereof according to the percentage of images supplied.


Booking Fee/Deposit: In the event of the Clients canceling the Event for
whatever reason the booking fee is non-refundable.


Payments, Correspondence: The preferred method of payment is via PayPal or
Check. The email address to remit payment via PayPal is [PAYPAL ADDRESS].
If you are unable to pay via PayPal, please send payments and
correspondence to: [PHOTOGRAPHER COMPANY], [PHOTOGRAPHER ADDRESS]


Full Payment is expected upon arrival to perform the job. We Accept All
Forms As Payment OnSite. The event representative(s) are responsible for
payment when we arrive and check in with them


Other Services: This contract is for the photography services and
electronic delivery of the Licensed Digital Images only. Additional
services, such as providing high-resolution Digital Images on physical
media, touch-ups, or editing are available as a separate order.


Force Majeure:


No Party shall be liable in damages or have the right to terminate this
Agreement for any delay or default in performing hereunder if such delay or
default is caused by conditions beyond its control including, but not
limited to, acts of God (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding), fire,
Government restrictions (including the denial or cancellation of any export
or other necessary license), wars, terrorist acts, insurrections and/or any
other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is
affected. Should Clients’ Event be cancelled, postponed or otherwise
adversely impacted as a result of a force majeure event, there shall be no
refunds for payments already received by the photographer , but the
photographer will use all reasonable efforts to work with Clients to
produce the Event at a later date if necessary, subject to photographer's
availability.


We have understood the contents of this contract and agree to the terms
therein.

