
Dear [CONTRACTOR'S NAME],


[SENDER'S COMPANY NAME] has made a commitment to our Client to ensure that
we have a policy of total confidentiality on their business.


We would therefore seek your agreement to the following additional clauses
to be included as part of your general terms and conditions of engagement.


1. Consulting Services


Effective [SERVICES COMMENCEMENT DATE] Company shall retain Contractor and
Contractor shall provide Company with consulting services (the "Consulting
Services"), which shall include, without limitation:


DESCRIBE CONSULTING SERVICES OR REFERENCE ATTACHMENT HERE.


2. Independent Contractor Status


(a) Status. Contractor is an independent contractor of Company. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to create the relationship
of employer and employee, principal and agent, partnership or joint
venture, or any other fiduciary relationship.


(b) No Authority. Contractor shall have no authority to act as agent for,
or on behalf of, Company, or to represent Company, or bind Company in any
manner.


3. Confidential Information


(a) Contractor shall not,other than in the proper performance of
Contractor's duties, use, publish or otherwise disclose to any person any
information relating to the Clientâ€™s affairs and the specificities of this
brief.


(b) Contractor and its employees shall not, during the time of rendering
services to the Company and the Company's Client or thereafter, disclose to
anyone other than authorized employees of the Company (or persons
designated by such duly authorized employees of the Company) or use for the
benefit of Contractor and its employees or for any entity other than the
Company, any information of a confidential nature, including but not
limited to, information relating to: any such materials or intellectual
property; any of the Company projects or programs; the technical,
commercial or any other affairs of the Company; or, any confidential
information which the Company has received from a third party.


4. Intellectual Property


(a) Work Product. During the course of performing the Consulting Services,
Contractor and its directors, officers, employees, or other representatives
may, independently or in conjunction with Company, develop information,
produce work product, or achieve other results for Company in connection
with the Consulting Services it performs for Company.


(b) Ownership. Contractor agrees that such information, work product, and
other results, systems and information developed by Contractor and/or
Company in connection with such Consulting Services (hereinafter referred
to collectively as the "Work Product") shall, to the extent permitted by
law, be a "work made for hire" and shall remain the sole and exclusive
property of Company.


(c) Moral Rights. Contractor also agrees to waive any and all moral rights
relating to the Work Product, including but not limited to, any and all
rights of identification of authorship and any and all rights of approval,
restriction or limitation on use, and subsequent modifications.


(d) Assistance. Contractor further agrees to provide all assistance
reasonably requested by Company, both during and subsequent to the Term of
this Agreement, in the establishment, preservation and enforcement of
Company's rights in the Work Product.


5. Copyright:


All property rights, copyright, design rights and other intellectual
property rights in any work produced by you for this brief, shall be the
exclusive property of the Client.


In relation to such work you hereby:


- Irrevocably, waive all moral rights therein in favour of the Client.


6. Non-Solicitation / Non-Compete


During the term of this Agreement and for [NON-SOLICITATION PERIOD] after
any termination of this Agreement, Contractor will not, without the prior
written consent of the Company, either directly or indirectly, on
Contractor 's own behalf or in the service or on behalf of others, solicit
or attempt to solicit, divert or hire away any person employed by the
Company, or any customer of the Company.


7. Term


This Agreement shall commence on the date and year written above and shall
continue for a period of [TERM OF AGREEMENT] unless earlier terminated in
accordance with this Agreement.


8. Termination


(a) Notice of Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by either the
Company or the Contractor at any time for any reason, with or without
cause, by giving [NOTICE PERIOD] days from written notice of termination.


(b) Payment Upon Termination. The Company will pay Contractor no more than
50% of the total estimated fee for services provided by the Contractor,
should the agreement be terminated prior to completion.


By attaching your signature to this contract, you agree and accept the
terms and conditions of employment set out in this agreement.


Date of signing: [DATE]


Full Name: [FULL NAME]


Signature: _______________________

