
Thank you so much for booking a portrait session with me! I'm excited and
honored to be your
photographer. This contract, along with your $50 retainer, will officially
book your session on the date you chose. And it is simply to ensure
everybody is in agreement regarding the services I will be providing.


I will provide you with an official invoice after your selections below are
made.


Please feel free to contact me with any questions via phone, text, email,
or social media. I can’t wait for our session!


      ________________________________________________________________


                                   PARTIES


Client


      [CLIENT NAME]


      [CLIENT ADDRESS]


      [CLIENT PHONE]


      [CLIENT EMAIL]


Photographer


      Becky Green Photography


      (801) 558-7422


      beckygreenphotos@gmail.com


      Millcreek, Utah 84106


Session Date


      [SESSION DATE]


      [SESSION LOCATION]


      [SESSION TIME]


      ________________________________________________________________


                          CHOOSE YOUR PACKAGE STYLE


Client's Style Choice:


      [CHOOSE STYLE]


(choose from Portrait or Lifestyle descriptions below, default is Portrait)


TWO STYLES TO CHOOSE FROM: Portrait & Lifestyle


PORTRAIT: This is my version of the traditional photo shoot, except there’s
not much traditional about it. This style usually incorporates my Beloved
Technique which includes interactive invitations and physical suggestions
to encourage natural emotions and candid moments, with a little bit of
tradition thrown in. The main goal is to accentuate and celebrate
connections and relationships. The session will be approximately 1 hour, at
one location. There is no limit to number of people or outfits (more
people/outfits will mean less final photos).


LIFESTYLE: This is all about capturing, enjoying, and celebrating things as
they happen in real life. It’s authentic, it’s natural. There is very
little posing or prompted looking at the camera, and things are way less
structured than with a typical session. It usually uses your home or
somewhere special as the setting, where special moments that are every day
occurrences can be captured. The Lifestyle Session tells a story, and is
about YOU and YOUR FAMILY, in YOUR SPACE. It is approximately an hour and
your life/activities directs the flow of the session.


      ________________________________________________________________


                       CHOOSE YOUR PACKAGE RESOLUTION


Client's Package Resolution Choice:


      choose resolution


choose from low, medium, or high descriptions below; default is Low)


Your images will be provided to you on a disc, flash drive, or digital
download, depending on your needs. My image resolution packages are based
on what I personally want out of a session. I include a bare minimum of 40
images. Your package comes standard with the Low Resolution option, in
which all your final images will be sized for online sharing and printing
on your own up to size 4X6 to your heart’s content. You will be given a
Print and Use Release with your final images that authorizes this kind of
use. You will have the option to upgrade some or all of your images to
Medium (11x14) or High (40x40) Resolution, or to order prints.


PACKAGE PRICE: (before tax, before add-ons or other upgrades; prices
subject to change and are confirmed by client's invoice) full balance is
due on or before session date


    • $149 - Low Resolution Images (4x6) default, unless otherwise selected
    • $249 - Medium Resolution Images (11x14)
    • $349 - High Resolution Images (40x40)


      ________________________________________________________________


                        CHOOSE YOUR OPTIONAL ADD-ONS


Client's Add-on/Upgrade Choices: (choose from add-on descriptions below;
optional)


      [CHOOSE ADD-ONS/UPGRADES]


Optional add-ons and upgrades. These can be added now or later.


    • Professional printing and framing, prices vary. See here for full
      list.
    • $29 - extra disc/drive with my session
    • $49 - upgrade 10 images to medium-resolution, printable up to size
      11X14
    • $69 - upgrade 20 images to medium-resolution, printable up to size
      11X14
    • $79 - upgrade 10 images to high resolution, printable up to size 40x40
    • $139 - upgrade 20 images to high resolution, printable up to size
      40x40


      ________________________________________________________________


                           RETAINER AMOUNT DUE NOW


                          included in full balance


                                     $50


Your retainer is due immediately. Becky will send you a separate email with
the information you need in order to pay via your preferred method of
payment . Your full package fee is due on or before your session date. You
may pay by credit card online, mail in your payment, pay over the phone, or
pay in person when we meet. If you do not contact the photographer to pay
the remainder of your session fee prior to your session, you will be
expected to pay at the end of your session. Once paid, retainers and
package fees are non-refundable, but may be transferred to another date.
YOU WILL HAVE THE OPTION TO PAY THE RETAINER AND SESSION FEE SEPARATELY OR
TOGETHER.


      ________________________________________________________________


                                   CLAUSES


DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES: This agreement constitutes an order for portrait
photography services, and any additional services outlined above in
Package. It is agreed to by both parties, Photographer and Client, as
described above. Client agrees to pay Total Amount by the Final Payment Due
By Date.

SESSION DATE, FEES, and RESCHEDULES: Your session date will be held for
you, once agreed upon. Once paid, your session fee is non-refundable, but
the the photographer will gladly reschedule due to illness or other
unforeseen circumstances; please notify the photographer at least 48 hours
before your session if you must reschedule. If the weather isn't agreeable
on the day of the session, we will reschedule to another date. If there is
a chance of rain or snow in the forecast, you will be notified a day or two
before the session.


RETAINER: The Amount Due at Signing, as defined above, is a Date
Reservation Fee or Retainer. Upon receipt the Photographer will reserve the
time agreed upon for the Event Date and will not make another reservation
for the agreed upon time. For this reason, the Retainer is non-refundable.


PHOTOGRAPHER RIGHTS: It is understood that any and all images, whether
proofs, digital Files, Final prints or sample prints, and all rights to
them remain the property of the Photographer.


CLIENT RIGHTS: Regarding the images delivered, as digital Files or
otherwise, Client’s rights are limited to personal use. Photographs may not
be sold or used in advertising unless otherwise specified by the
Photographer.


PERMISSIONS: All permits and permissions required for the Photographer to
photograph the event, whether for location, personal release or any other
cause, are the responsibility of the Client to obtain.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: Although all care will be taken with these
photography services and the digital photographs taken, the Photographer
limits any liability for loss, injury, death, inability to perform the
photography services for any reason, failure to deliver images for any
reason or any other types of damages to the return of all payments already
paid to the Photographer up to Total Amount defined above.


INDEMNIFICATION: Client hereby agrees to indemnify, release, discharge and
hold harm less the Photographer, its heirs, legal representatives, assigns,
employees or any persons or corporations acting under permission or
authority of the Photographer from and against any liability or claims
arising as a result of any work done related to this agreement. This
includes, but is not lim ited to claims or injury, or claims related to the
use of the likenesses of anyone captured in the images or any distortion,
blurring or alteration that may occur or be produced in the taking,
processing or reproduction of the photographs.


TRANSFER: This agreement cannot be transferred or assigned to any third
party by either the Photographer or Client without written consent of both
Parties.


DELIVERY OF PHOTOS: No part of any order, including previews, will be
delivered until the balance is paid in full.


TRAVEL: Travel outside the Salt Lake Valley will be charged at $10/half
hour of travel. This is predeterm ined based on a MapQuest/Google Maps
calculation of mileage and time. Hours can be prorated into half-hour
increments.


SESSION DURATION: Your session will last up to 1 hour. It is recommended
that you arrive early so that the session can get started on time. If you
are late, the photographer retains the right to shorten or reschedule your
session. In the case that you have members of your group that request
additional time from the photographer, a separate session will need to be
booked.

OTHER CAMERAS: Please note that the use of cameras (still or video) other
than the photographer's is prohibited during your session. Personal cameras
or other photographers are not allowed during your session. Secondary
cameras are distracting to subjects and interrupt the artistic Jow. If any
member of your group would like to purchase their own copy of the disc from
your session, this can be accommodated.

PRINT RELEASE: The print release provided with your disc allows you to
display your photos online on social networking sites, by email, or on
blogs. And it allows you to have your photos printed as you wish, according
to your disc-resolution. Changes to the images is prohibited.

COPYRIGHT: All images taken at your session will be copyrighted by Becky
Green Photography, and are protected by Federal Copyright Law. It is
therefore unlawful to reproduce this work in any manner. Please respect the
photographer's livelihood and the care and attention paid to each of your
images by adhering to copyright laws. Moreover, as an artist, the
photographer wished to have control over the Fnal look of all client
images. Scanned, reproduced images, or re-edited images are both illegal
and a degradation of the original image quality.

SALES: Due to the nature of custom photography, all sales (sessions and
prints) are Fnal. The photographer does, of course, guarantee that the
portraits you receive meet high standards, and wants you to be more than
pleased with your heirloom images.

TIMELINE: Editing will take approximately 3 weeks to complete, unless
otherwise noted. Your images will be available on your disc or your
downlaodable link at that time.


PUBLIC PREVIEW: A preview of your session may be posted; this allows for
positive advertisement on behalf of the photographer, as well as a general
ooing and ahing opportunity for friends and family to view your photos. I
consent to allow a preview album on the Becky Green Photography Facebook
page, blog, or website; my photos may be tagged/labeled with your name.


MODEL RELEASE: I hereby consent that the photographs taken and presented by
this photographer may be used by Becky Green or Becky Green Photography for
the purpose of display, portfolio, advertising, blog, website or
publication to promote the studio. I also agree that the images can be used
without additional compensation to the undersigned. I am of full age and
have the right to contract in my own name. I have read the foregoing and
fully understand the contents thereof.


ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This is the entire agreement between Photographer and
Client and supersedes all previous agreements. It cannot be altered without
written consent of both Photographer and Client.


EXECUTION: Digitally signing this agreement has the same effect as manually
signing a paper original.


      ________________________________________________________________


                     OPTIONAL CLIENT REQUESTS AND NOTES:


[OPTIONAL NOTES/REQUESTS]

