

What Information Does Bitly Collect?


The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue
to operate the Services. In connection with certain aspects of the
Services, we may request, collect and/or display some of your Personal
Information. We collect the following types of information from our users.


Sign-In Information:


When you create an Account, you will provide information that could be
Personal Information, such as your username, password and email address.
You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you, and by
creating an account on Bitly and providing Personal Information to us, you
allow others, including Bitly, to identify you and therefore may not be
anonymous. We may use your contact information to send you information
about our Services, but only rarely when we feel such information is
important. You may unsubscribe from these messages through your Account
settings, although Bitly regardless reserves the right to contact you when
we believe it is necessary, such as for account recovery purposes.


URL Information:


One feature of the Services is the ability to create shortened uniform
resource locators (“URLs”). Bitly collects and stores both the original URL
and the shortened URL and, if you have an Account and are logged in,
associates that information with your Account. Bitly also collects and
stores (i) the time and date on which you shortened the original URL and
(ii) if you chose to share the URL, information on the channels through
which the URL was shared.


Metrics and Analytics:


Bitly collects information about accesses (such as clicks) of every
shortened URL created through the Services. This information includes, but
is not limited to: (i) the IP address and physical location of the devices
accessing the shortened URL; (ii) the referring websites or services; (iii)
the time and date of each access; and (iv) information about sharing of the
shortened URL on Third Party Services such as Twitter and Facebook. These
metrics and analytics are used by Bitly and its partners to improve their
websites and services by, for example, providing value-added features.


User Content:


Some features of the Services allow you to provide content to the Services,
such as written descriptions of URLs, comments, images and video. For
example, using the Bundles feature, Bitly users can curate and “bundle
together” a set of links, and can add content to those Bundles, such as
comments and videos. All content submitted by you to the Services may be
retained by Bitly indefinitely, even after you terminate your account. We
may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that
does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.


Information Collected From Third Party Services:


Some features of the Services allow you to share your Bitly information
through your accounts with Third Party Services such as Facebook and
Twitter. If you choose to connect Bitly to such Third Party Services, we
may collect information related to your use of those Third Party Services,
such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your Third Party
Service accounts. We may otherwise collect information about how you are
using the Services to interact with those connected Third Party Services.
Note that Third Party Services may have the ability to restrict the
information that is provided to us.


IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically:


    • Bitly automatically receives and records information from your web
      browser when you interact with the Services, including your IP address
      and cookie information. This information may be used for to help us
      understand how users transit a website, to fight spam/malware, to
      facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the
      Services (e.g., what Bitly links you have clicked on) and for other
      similar purposes.
    • Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such
      as the number and frequency of visitors to the Site. Bitly may use
      this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, but
      not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of
      aggregate data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure
      out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can
      analyze and improve them.


Email Communications:


We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. We use this
confirmation to improve our customer service.


Information Collected Using Cookies:


    • Cookies are pieces of text that may be provided to your computer
      through your web browser when you access a website. Your browser
      stores cookies in a manner associated with each website you visit. We
      use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and
      tell us how and when you visit our Site and use the Services through
      the web.
    • Bitly cookies also allow Bitly to track when you have clicked on a
      Bitly shortened URL. Each click of a shortened URL is tracked using a
      unique identifier assigned to you in one or more cookies stored by
      your web browser and associated with Bitly.
    • Bitly cookies do not, by themselves, contain Personal Information, and
      we do not combine the general information collected through cookies
      with other Personal Information to tell us who you are. As noted,
      however, we do use cookies to identify that your web browser has
      accessed a Bitly URL and may associate that information with your
      Account if you have one.
    • Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which
      will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as
      (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing
      you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
      We strongly recommend that you leave cookies active, because they
      enable you to take advantage the most attractive features of the
      Services.
    • You may also ask bitly not to place cookies on your web browser when
      you are logged in. When cookies are disabled in this manner, clicks on
      bitly links are not tied back to or associated with your web browser.
    • This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Bitly only and does
      not cover the use of cookies by third parties. Bitly does not control
      when or how third parties place cookies on your computer. For example,
      third party websites to which a URL points may set cookies on your
      computer.


Aggregate Information:


We collect statistical information about how both unregistered and
registered users, collectively, use the Services (“Aggregate Information”).
Some of this information is derived from Personal Information, such as your
location (which, in turn, is derived from your IP address). This
statistical information is not Personal Information and cannot be tied back
to you, your Account or your web browser.

