
This Agreement for design services is between ACME, Inc. ("Provider") at
123 Any St. USA ("Jurisdictional Locale") and ABC Company ("Client") at 789
Someplace St., for the performance of the services described in the
proposal sent to Client on ("Proposal"). The parties therefore agree as
follows:


Basic Terms and Conditions


1. DEFINITIONS


As used herein and throughout this Agreement:


1.1 Agreement means the entire content of this Basic Terms and Conditions
document, the Proposal document(s), Schedule A, together with any other
Supplements designated below, together with any exhibits, schedules or
attachments hereto.


1.2 Client Content means all materials, information, photography, writings
and other creative content provided by Client for use in the preparation of
and/or incorporation in the Deliverables.


1.3 Copyrights means the property rights in original works of authorship,
expressed in a tangible medium of expression, as defined and enforceable
under the laws of the Jurisdictional Locale.


1.4 Deliverables means the services and work product specified in the
Proposal to be delivered by Provider to the Client, in the form and media
specified in the Proposal.


1.5 Design Tools means all design tools developed and/or utilized by
Provider in performing the Services, including without limitation
preexisting and newly developed software including source code, Web
authoring tools, type fonts, and application tools, together with any other
software, or other inventions whether or not patentable, and general non-
copyrightable concepts such as website design, architecture, layout,
navigational and functional elements.


1.6 Final Art means all creative content developed or created by Provider,
or commissioned by Provider, exclusively for the Project
and incorporated into and delivered as part of the Final Deliverables,
including and by way of example, not limitation, any and all visual
designs, visual elements, graphic design, illustration, photography,
animation, sounds, typographic treatments and text, modifications to Client
Content, and Provider’s selection, arrangement and coordination of such
elements together with Client Content and/or Third Party Materials.


1.7 Final Deliverables means the final versions of Deliverables provided by
Provider and accepted by Client.


1.8 Preliminary Works means all artwork including, but not limited to,
concepts, sketches, visual presentations, or other alternate or preliminary
designs and documents developed by Provider and which may or may not be
shown and or delivered to Client for consideration but do not form part of
the Final Art.


1.9 Project means the scope and purpose of the Client’s identified usage of
the work product as described in the Proposal.


1.10 Services means all services and the work product to be provided to
Client by Provider as described and otherwise further defined in
the Proposal.


1.11 Third Party Materials means proprietary third party materials which
are incorporated into the Final Deliverables, including without limitation
stock photography or illustration.


1.12 Trademarks means trade names, words, symbols, designs, logos or other
devices or designs used in the Final Deliverables to designate the origin
or source of the goods or services of Client.


2. PROPOSAL


The terms of the Proposal shall be effective for 14 days after presentation
to Client. In the event this Agreement is not executed by Client within the
time identified, the Proposal, together with any related terms and
conditions and deliverables, may be subject to amendment, change or
substitution.


3. FEES AND CHARGES


3.1 Fees. In consideration of the Services to be performed by Provider,
Client shall pay to Provider fees in the amounts and according to the
payment schedule set forth in the Proposal, and all applicable sales, use
or value added taxes, even if calculated or assessed subsequent to the
payment schedule.


3.2 Expenses. Client shall pay Provider’s expenses incurred in connection
with this Agreement as follows: (a) incidental and out-of- pocket expenses
including but not limited to costs for telephone calls, postage, shipping,
overnight courier, service bureaus, typesetting, blueprints, models,
presentation materials, photocopies, computer expenses, parking fees and
tolls, and taxis at cost.


3.3 Additional Costs. The Project pricing includes Provider’s fee only. Any
and all outside costs including, but not limited to, equipment rental,
photographer’s costs and fees, photography and/or artwork licenses,
prototype production costs, talent fees, music licenses and online access
or hosting fees, will be billed to Client unless specifically otherwise
provided for in the Proposal.


3.4 Invoices. All invoices are payable within 7 days of receipt. A monthly
service charge of 5% is payable on all overdue balances. Payments will be
credited first to late payment charges and next to the unpaid balance.
Client shall be responsible for all collection or legal fees necessitated
by lateness or default in payment. Provider reserves the right to withhold
delivery and any transfer of ownership of any current work if accounts are
not current or overdue invoices are not paid in full. All grants of any
license to use or transfer of ownership of any intellectual property rights
under this Agreement are conditioned upon receipt of payment in full which
shall be inclusive of any and all outstanding Additional Costs, Taxes,
Expenses, and Fees, Charges, or the costs of Changes.


4. CHANGES


4.1 General Changes. Unless otherwise provided in the Proposal, and except
as otherwise provided for herein, Client shall pay additional charges for
changes requested by Client which are outside the scope of the Services on
a time and materials basis, at Provider’s standard hourly rate. Such
charges shall be in addition to all other amounts payable under the
Proposal, despite any maximum budget, contract price or final price
identified therein. Provider may extend or modify any delivery schedule or
deadlines in the Proposal and Deliverables as may be required by such
Changes.


4.2 Substantive Changes. If Client requests or instructs Changes that
amount to a revision of at least 20% of the time required to produce the
Deliverables, and or the value or scope of the Services, Provider shall be
entitled to submit a new and separate Proposal to Client for written
approval. Work shall not begin on the revised services until a fully signed
revised Proposal and, if required, any additional retainer fees are
received by Provider.


4.3 Timing. Provider will prioritize performance of the Services as may be
necessary or as identified in the Proposal, and will undertake commercially
reasonable efforts to perform the Services within the time(s) identified in
the Proposal. Client agrees to review Deliverables within the time
identified for such reviews and to promptly either, (i) approve the
Deliverables in writing or (ii) provide written comments and/or corrections
sufficient to identify the Client’s concerns, objections or corrections to
Provider. Provider shall be entitled to request written clarification of
any concern, objection or correction. Client acknowledges and agrees that
Provider’s ability to meet any and all schedules is entirely dependent upon
Client’s prompt performance of its obligations to provide materials and
written approvals and/or instructions pursuant to the Proposal and that any
delays in Client’s performance or Changes in the Services or Deliverables
requested by Client may delay delivery of the Deliverables. Any such delay
caused by Client shall not constitute a breach of any term, condition or
Provider’s obligations under this Agreement.


4.4 Testing and Acceptance. Provider will exercise commercially reasonable
efforts to test Deliverables requiring testing and to make all necessary
corrections prior to providing Deliverables to Client. Client, within 5
business days of receipt of each Deliverable, shall notify Provider, in
writing, of any failure of such Deliverable to comply with the
specifications set forth in the Proposal, or of any other objections,
corrections, changes or amendments Client wishes made to such Deliverable.
Any such written notice shall be sufficient to identify with clarity any
objection, correction or change or amendment, and Provider will undertake
to make the same in a commercially timely manner. Any and all objections,
corrections, changes or amendments shall be subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement. In the absence of such notice from Client,
the Deliverable shall be deemed accepted.


5. CLIENT RESPONSIBILITIES


Client acknowledges that it shall be responsible for performing the
following in a reasonable and timely manner:


(a) coordination of any decision-making with parties other than Provider;


(b) provision of Client Content in a form suitable for reproduction or
incorporation into the Deliverables without further preparation, unless
otherwise expressly provided in the Proposal; and


(c) final proofreading and in the event that Client has approved
Deliverables but errors, such as, by way of example, not limitation,
typographic errors or misspellings, remain in the finished product, Client
shall incur the cost of correcting such errors.


6. ACCREDITATION/PROMOTIONS


All displays or publications of the Deliverables shall bear accreditation
and/or copyright notice in Provider’s name in the form, size and location
as incorporated by Provider in the Deliverables, or as otherwise directed
by Provider. Provider retains the right to reproduce, publish and display
the Deliverables in Provider’s portfolios and websites, and in galleries,
design periodicals and other media or exhibits for the purposes of
recognition of creative excellence or professional advancement, and to be
credited with authorship of the Deliverables in connection with such uses.
Either party, subject to the other’s reasonable approval, may describe its
role in relation to the Project and, if applicable, the services provided
to the other party on its website and in other promotional materials, and,
if not expressly objected to, include a link to the other party’s website.


7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION


Each party acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement it may
receive certain confidential or proprietary technical and business
information and materials of the other party, including without limitation
Preliminary Works (“Confidential Information”). Each party, its agents and
employees shall hold and maintain in strict confidence all Confidential
Information, shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third
party, and shall not use any Confidential Information except as may be
necessary to perform its obligations under the Proposal except as may be
required by a court or governmental authority. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include any information that
is in the public domain or becomes publicly known through no fault of the
receiving party, or is otherwise properly received from a third party
without an obligation of confidentiality.


8. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES


8.1 Independent Contractor. Provider is an independent contractor, not an
employee of Client or any company affiliated with Client. Provider shall
provide the Services under the general direction of Client, but Provider
shall determine, in Provider’s sole discretion, the manner and means by
which the Services are accomplished. This Agreement does not create a
partnership or joint venture and neither party is authorized to act as
agent or bind the other party except as expressly stated in this Agreement.
Provider and the work product or Deliverables prepared by Provider shall
not be deemed a work for hire as that term is defined under Copyright Law.
All rights, if any, granted to Client are contractual in nature and are
wholly defined by the express written agreement of the parties and the
various terms and conditions of this Agreement.


8.2 Provider Agents. Provider shall be permitted to engage and/or use third
party Providers or other service providers as independent contractors in
connection with the Services (“Design Agents”). Notwithstanding, Provider
shall remain fully responsible for such Design Agents’ compliance with the
various terms and conditions of this Agreement.


8.3 No Solicitation. During the term of this Agreement, and for a period of
six (6) months after expiration or termination of this Agreement, Client
agrees not to solicit, recruit, engage or otherwise employ or retain, on a
full-time, part-time, consulting, work-for-hire or any other kind of basis,
any Provider, employee or Design Agent of Provider, whether or not said
person has been assigned to perform tasks under this Agreement. In the
event such employment, consultation or work-for-hire event occurs, Client
agrees that Provider shall be entitled to an agency commission to be the
greater of, either (a) 25 percent of said person’s starting salary with
Client, or (b) 25 percent of fees paid to said person if engaged by Client
as an independent contractor. In the event of (a) above, payment of the
commission will be due within 14 days of the employment starting date. In
the event of (b) above, payment will be due at the end of any month during
which the independent contractor performed services for Client. Provider,
in the event of nonpayment and in connection with this section, shall be
entitled to seek all remedies under law and equity.


8.4 No Exclusivity. The parties expressly acknowledge that this Agreement
does not create an exclusive relationship between the parties. Client is
free to engage others to perform services of the same or similar nature to
those provided by Provider, and Provider shall be entitled to offer and
provide design services to others, solicit other clients and otherwise
advertise the services offered by Provider.


9. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS


9.1 By Client. Client represents, warrants and covenants to Provider that


(a) Client owns all right, title, and interest in, or otherwise has full
right and authority to permit the use of the Client Content,


(b) to the best of Client’s knowledge, the Client Content does not infringe
the rights of any third party, and use of the Client Content as well as any
Trademarks in connection with the Project does not and will not violate the
rights of any third parties,


(c) Client shall comply with the terms and conditions of any licensing
agreements which govern the use of Third Party Materials, and


(d) Client shall comply with all laws and regulations as they relate to the
Services and Deliverables.


9.2 By Provider


(a) Provider hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Client that
Provider will provide the Services identified in the Agreement in a
professional and workmanlike manner and in accordance with all reasonable
professional standards for such services.


(b) Provider further represents, warrants and covenants to Client that (i)
except for Third Party Materials and Client Content, the Final Deliverables
shall be the original work of Provider and/or its independent contractors,
(ii) in the event that the Final Deliverables include the work of
independent contractors commissioned for the Project by Provider, Provider
shall have secure agreements from such contractors granting all necessary
rights, title, and interest in and to the Final Deliverables sufficient for
Provider to grant the intellectual property rights provided in this
Agreement, and (iii) to the best of Provider‘s knowledge, the Final Art
provided by Provider and Provider’s subcontractors does not infringe the
rights of any party, and use of same in connection with the Project will
not violate the rights of any third parties. In the event Client or third
parties modify or otherwise use the Deliverables outside of the scope or
for any purpose not identified in the Proposal or this Agreement or
contrary to the terms and conditions noted herein, all representations and
warranties of Provider shall be void.


(c) Except for the express representations and warranties stated in this
agreement, Provider makes no warranties whatsoever, Provider explicitly
disclaims any other warranties of any kind, either express or implied,
including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose or compliance with laws or government rules or
regulations applicable to the project.


10. INDEMNIFICATION/LIABILITY


10.1 By Client. Client agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless Provider
from any and all damages, liabilities, costs, losses or expenses arising
out of any claim, demand, or action by a third party arising out of any
breach of Client’s responsibilities or obligations, representations or
warranties under this Agreement. Under such circumstances Provider shall
promptly notify Client in writing of any claim or suit;


(a) Client has sole control of the defense and all related settlement
negotiations; and


(b) Provider provides Client with commercially reasonable assistance,
information and authority necessary to perform Client’s obligations under
this section. Client will reimburse the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by Provider in providing such assistance.


10.2 By Provider. Subject to the terms, conditions, express representations
and warranties provided in this Agreement, Provider agrees to indemnify,
save and hold harmless Client from any and all damages, liabilities, costs,
losses or expenses arising out of any finding of fact which is inconsistent
with Provider’s representations and warranties made herein, except in the
event any such claims, damages, liabilities, costs, losses or expenses
arise directly as a result of gross negligence or misconduct of Client
provided that


(a) Client promptly notifies Provider in writing of the claim;


(b) Provider shall have sole control of the defense and all related
settlement negotiations; and


(c) Client shall provide Provider with the assistance, information and
authority necessary to perform Provider’s obligations under this section.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider shall have no obligation to defend
or otherwise indemnify Client for any claim or adverse finding of fact
arising out of or due to Client Content, any unauthorized content, improper
or illegal use, or the failure to update or maintain any Deliverables
provided by Provider.


10.3 Limitation of Liability. The services and the work product of Provider
are sold "as is." In all circumstances, the maximum liability of Provider,
its directors, officers, employees, design agents and affiliates ("Provider
Parties"), to client for damages for any and all causes whatsoever, and
client's maximum remedy, regardless of the form of action, whether in
contract, tort or otherwise, shall be limited to the net profit of
Provider. In no event shall Provider be liable for any lost data or
content, lost profits, business interruption or for any indirect,
incidental, special, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising
out of or relating to the materials or the services provided by Provider,
even if Provider has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and
notwithstanding the failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.


11. TERM AND TERMINATION


11.1 This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall remain
effective until the Services are completed and delivered.


11.2 This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party effective
immediately upon notice, or the mutual agreement of the parties, or if any
party:


(a) becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy, makes an assignment
for the benefit of its creditors; or


(b) breaches any of its material responsibilities or obligations under this
Agreement, which breach is not remedied within 10 days from receipt of
written notice of such breach.


11.3 In the event of termination, Provider shall be compensated for the
Services performed through the date of termination in the amount of (a) any
advance payment, (b) a prorated portion of the fees due, or (c) hourly fees
for work performed by Provider or Provider’s agents as of the date of
termination, whichever is greater; and Client shall pay all Expenses, fees,
out of pockets together with any Additional Costs incurred through and up
to, the date of cancellation.


11.4 In the event of termination by Client and upon full payment of
compensation as provided herein, Provider grants to Client such right and
title as provided for in Schedule A of this Agreement with respect to those
Deliverables provided to, and accepted by Client as of the date of
termination.


11.5 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement: (a) each party shall
return or, at the disclosing party’s request, destroy the Confidential
Information of the other party, and (b) other than as provided herein, all
rights and obligations of each party under this Agreement, exclusive of the
Services, shall survive.


12. GENERAL


12.1 Modification/Waiver. This Agreement may be modified by the parties.
Any modification of this Agreement must be in writing, except that
Provider’s invoices may include, and Client shall pay, expenses or costs
that Client authorizes by electronic mail in cases of extreme time
sensitivity. Failure by either party to enforce any right or seek to remedy
any breach under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of such
rights nor shall a waiver by either party of default in one or more
instances be construed as constituting a continuing waiver or as a waiver
of any other breach.


12.2 Notices. All notices to be given hereunder shall be transmitted in
writing either by facsimile or electronic mail with return confirmation of
receipt or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and
shall be sent to the addresses identified below, unless notification of
change of address is given in writing. Notice shall be effective upon
receipt or in the case of fax or email, upon confirmation of receipt.


12.3 No Assignment. Neither party may assign, whether in writing or orally,
or encumber its rights or obligations under this Agreement or permit the
same to be transferred, assigned or encumbered by operation of law or
otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party.


12.4 Force Majeure. Provider shall not be deemed in breach of this
Agreement if Provider is unable to complete the Services or any portion
thereof by reason of fire, earthquake, labour dispute, act of God or public
enemy, death, illness or incapacity of Provider or any local, state,
federal, national or international law, governmental order or regulation or
any other event beyond Provider’s control (collectively, “Force Majeure
Event”). Upon occurrence of any Force Majeure Event, Provider shall give
notice to Client of its inability to perform or of delay in completing the
Services and shall propose revisions to the schedule for completion of the
Services.


12.5 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. The formation, construction,
performance and enforcement of this Agreement shall be in accordance with
the laws of the Jurisdictional Locale, without regard to its conflict of
law provisions or the conflict of law provisions of any other jurisdiction.
In the event of a dispute arising out of this Agreement, the parties agree
to attempt to resolve any dispute by negotiation between the parties.


12.6 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in
full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be
replaced by a valid or enforceable provision.


12.7 Headings. The numbering and captions of the various sections are
solely for convenience and reference only and shall not affect the scope,
meaning, intent or interpretation of the provisions of this Agreement nor
shall such headings otherwise be given any legal effect.


12.8 Integration. This Agreement comprises the entire understanding of the
parties hereto on the subject matter herein contained, and supersedes and
merges all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and
discussions between the parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the Proposal and any other
Agreement documents, the terms of the Proposal shall control. This
Agreement comprises this Basic Terms and Conditions document, the Proposal,
Schedule A below, and .


By their execution, the parties hereto have agreed to all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement effective as of the last date of signature,
and each signatory represents that it has the full authority to enter into
this Agreement and to bind her/his respective party to all of the terms and
conditions herein.


Schedule A: Intellectual Property Provisions


1. RIGHTS TO DELIVERABLES OTHER THAN FINAL ART


1.1 Client Content. Client Content, including all pre-existing Trademarks,
shall remain the sole property of Client or its respective suppliers, and
Client or its suppliers shall be the sole owner of all rights in connection
therewith. Client hereby grants to Provider a nonexclusive, nontransferable
license to use, reproduce, modify, display and publish the Client Content
solely in connection with Provider’s performance of the Services and
limited promotional uses of the Deliverables as authorized in this
Agreement.


1.2 Third Party Materials. All Third Party Materials are the exclusive
property of their respective owners. Provider shall inform Client of all
Third Party Materials that may be required to perform the Services or
otherwise integrated into the Final Art. Under such circumstances Provider
shall inform Client of any need to license, at Client’s expense, and unless
otherwise provided for by Client, Client shall obtain the license(s)
necessary to permit Client’s use of the Third Party Materials consistent
with the usage rights granted herein. In the event Client fails to properly
secure or otherwise arrange for any necessary licenses or instructs the use
of Third Party Materials, Client hereby indemnifies, saves and holds
harmless Provider from any and all damages, liabilities, costs, losses or
expenses arising out of any claim, demand, or action by a third party
arising out of Client’s failure to obtain copyright, trademark, publicity,
privacy, defamation or other releases or permissions with respect to
materials included in the Final Art.


1.3 Preliminary Works. Provider retains all rights in and to all
Preliminary Works. Client shall return all Preliminary Works to Provider
within 30 days of completion of the Services and all rights in and to any
Preliminary Works shall remain the exclusive property of Provider.


1.4 Original Artwork. Provider retains all right and title in and to any
original artwork comprising Final Art, including all rights to display or
sell such artwork. Client shall return all original artwork to Provider
within 30 days of completion of the Services.


1.5 Trademarks. Upon completion of the Services and expressly conditioned
upon full payment of all fees, costs and out-of- pocket expenses due,
Provider assigns to Client all ownership rights, including any copyrights,
in and to any artworks or designs comprising the works created by Provider
for use by Client as a Trademark. Provider shall cooperate with Client and
shall execute any additional documents reasonably requested by Client to
evidence such assignment. Client shall have sole responsibility for
ensuring that any proposed trademarks or Final Deliverables intended to be
a Trademark are available for use in commerce and federal registration and
do not otherwise infringe the rights of any third party. Client hereby
indemnifies, saves and holds harmless Provider from any and all damages,
liabilities, costs, losses or expenses arising out of any claim, demand, or
action by any third party alleging any infringement arising out of Client’s
use and/or failure to obtain rights to use or use of the Trademark.


1.6 Design Tools. All Design Tools are and shall remain the exclusive
property of Provider. Provider hereby grants to Client a nonexclusive,
nontransferable (other than the right to sublicense such uses to Client’s
web hosting or internet service providers), perpetual, worldwide license to
use the Design Tools solely to the extent necessary with the Final
Deliverables for the Project. Client may not directly or indirectly, in any
form or manner, decompile, reverse engineer, create derivative works or
otherwise disassemble or modify any Design Tools comprising any software or
technology of Provider.


2. RIGHTS TO FINAL ART


2.1 Assignment of License. The Agreement shall provide a full copy of the
license or identify the license under which rights to final art are
assigned as one of the following:


(a) Exclusive license, no modification rights:


For print AND/OR online/interactive AND/OR three-dimensional media:
Provider hereby grants to Client the exclusive, perpetual and worldwide
right and license to use, reproduce and display the Final Art solely in
connection with the Project as defined in the Proposal and in accordance
with the various terms and conditions of this Agreement. The rights granted
to Client are for usage of the Final Art in its original form only. Client
may not crop, distort, manipulate, reconfigure, mimic, animate, create
derivative works or extract portions or in any other manner, alter the
Final Art.


(b) Exclusive license, with modification rights:


For print AND/OR online/interactive AND/OR three-dimensional media:
Provider hereby grants to Client the exclusive, perpetual and worldwide
right and license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify and display the Final
Art solely in connection with the Project as defined in the Proposal and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


(c) Nonexclusive license, no modification rights:


For print AND/OR online/interactive AND/OR three-dimensional media:
Provider hereby grants to Client the nonexclusive, perpetual and worldwide
right and license to use, reproduce and display the Final Art solely in
connection with the Project as defined in the Proposal and in accordance
with the various terms and conditions of this Agreement. The rights granted
to Client are for usage of the Final Art in its original form only. Client
may not crop, distort, manipulate, reconfigure, mimic, animate, create
derivative works or extract portions or in any other manner, alter the
Final Art.


(d) Nonexclusive license, with modification rights:


For print AND/OR online/interactive AND/OR three-dimensional media:
Provider hereby grants to Client the nonexclusive, perpetual and worldwide
right and license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify and display the Final
Art solely in connection with the Project as defined in the Proposal and in
accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


(e) Liquidation for unlicensed use:


Client’s use of the Final Art shall be limited to the usage rights granted
herein for the Project only. Use of the Final Art, Deliverables or any
derivative works thereof by Client at any other time or location, or for
another project or outside the scope of the rights granted herein require
an additional fee and Provider shall be entitled to further compensation
equal to 20% of the original Project fee unless otherwise agreed in writing
by both parties. In the event of non-payment, Provider shall be entitled to
pursue all remedies under law and equity.


(f) Assignment:


Upon completion of the Services, and expressly subject to full payment of
all fees, costs and expenses due, Provider hereby assigns to Client all
right, title and interest, including without limitation copyright and other
intellectual property rights, in and to the Final Art. Provider agrees to
reasonably cooperate with Client and shall execute any additional documents
reasonably necessary to evidence such assignment.


2.2 Absence of License. In the event that a license is not defined by an
Agreement it shall be understood that a nonexclusive license, with no
modification rights, as defined in 2.1(c), is in full effect.


Supplement 1: Print-specific Terms and Conditions


1. Samples. Client shall provide Provider with a number of samples of each
printed or published form of the Final Deliverables, for use in Provider’s
portfolio and other self- promotional uses. Such samples shall be
representative of the highest quality of the work produced.


2. Finished Work. The printed work, and the arrangement or brokering of the
print services by Provider, shall be deemed in compliance with this
Agreement if the final printed product is within the acceptable variations
as to kind, quantity, and price in accordance with current or standard
trade practices identified by the supplier of the print and print-related
services. Whenever commercially reasonable and if available, Provider shall
provide copies of the current or standard trade practices to Client.
Notwithstanding, Provider shall have no responsibility or obligation to
negotiate changes or amendments to the current or standard trade practices.


Supplement 2: Interactive-specific Terms and Conditions


1. SUPPORT SERVICES


1.1 Warranty Period. “Support Services” means commercially reasonable
technical support and assistance to maintain and update the Deliverables,
including correcting any errors or Deficiencies, but shall not include the
development of enhancements to the Project or other services outside the
scope of the Proposal. During the first Months covered by Warranty months
following expiration of this Agreement (“Warranty Period”), if any,
Provider shall provide up to 3 hours of Support Services per month at no
additional cost to Client. Additional time shall be billed at Provider’s
regular hourly rate, then in effect upon the date of the request for
additional support. Warranty period shall last for up to 3 months after
contract expiry.


1.2 Maintenance Period. Upon expiration of the Warranty Period and at
Client’s option, Provider will provide Support Services for the following
Months covered by Maintenance months (the “Maintenance Period”) for a
minimum monthly fee of £20 and Provider’s hourly fees of Provider's Hourly
Rate per hour for any extra work. The parties may extend the Maintenance
Period beyond one year upon mutual written agreement.


2. ENHANCEMENTS


During the Maintenance Period, Client may request that Provider develop
enhancements to the Deliverables, and Provider shall exercise commercially
reasonable efforts to prioritize Provider’s resources to create such
enhancements. The parties understand that preexisting obligations to third
parties existing on the date of the request for enhancements may delay the
immediate execution of any such requested enhancements. Such enhancements
shall be provided on a time and materials basis at Provider’s hourly rate
of £15 then in effect price for such services.


3. ADDITIONAL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS


3.1 Deficiencies. Subject to the representations and warranties of Client
in connection with Client Content, Provider represents and warrants that
the Final Deliverables will be free from Deficiencies. For the purposes of
this Agreement, “Deficiency” shall mean a failure to comply with the
specifications set forth in the Proposal in any material respect, but shall
not include any problems caused by Client Content, modifications,
alterations or changes made to Final Deliverables by Client or any third
party after delivery by Provider, or the interaction of Final Deliverables
with third party applications such as Web browsers other than those
specified in the Proposal. The parties acknowledge that Client’s sole
remedy and Provider’s sole liability for a breach of this Section is the
obligation of Provider to correct any Deficiency identified within the
Warranty Period. In the event that a Deficiency is caused by Third Party
Materials provided or specified by Provider, Providers sole obligation
shall be to substitute alternative Third Party Materials.


3.2 Design Tools. Subject to the representations and warranties of the
Client in connection with the materials supplied by Client, Provider
represents and warrants that, to the best of Provider’s knowledge, the
Design Tools do not knowingly infringe the rights of any third party, and
use of same in connection with the Project will not knowingly violate the
rights of any third parties except to the extent that such violations are
caused by Client Content, or the modification of, or use of the
Deliverables in combination with materials or equipment outside the scope
of the applicable specifications, by Client or third parties.


4. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS


Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that all Final
Deliverables shall be designed to comply with the known relevant rules and
regulations. Client, upon acceptance of the Deliverables, shall be
responsible for conformance with all laws relating to the transfer of
software and technology.


Supplement 3: Environmental-specific Terms and Conditions


1. PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE PROJECT


Provider shall have the right to document, photograph or otherwise record
all completed designs or installations of the Project, and to reproduce,
publish and display such documentation, photographs or records for
Provider’s promotional purposes in accordance with Section 6 of the Basic
Terms and Conditions of this Agreement.


2. ADDITIONAL CLIENT RESPONSIBILITIES


Client acknowledges that Client shall be responsible for performing the
following in a reasonable and timely manner:


(a) Communication of administrative or operational decisions if they affect
the design or production of Deliverables, and coordination of required
public approvals and meetings;


(b) Provision of accurate and complete information and materials requested
by Provider such as, by way of example, not limitation, site plans,
building plans and elevations, utility locations, color/material samples
and all applicable codes, rules and regulation information;


(c) Provision of approved naming, nomenclature; securing approvals and
correct copy from third parties such as, by way of example, not limitation,
end users or donors as may be necessary;


(d) Final proofreading and written approval of all project documents
including, by way of example, not limitation, artwork, message schedules,
sign location plans and design drawings before their release for
fabrication or installation. In the event that Client has approved work
containing errors or omissions, such as, by way of example, not limitation,
typographic errors or misspellings, Client shall incur the cost of
correcting such errors;


(e) Arranging for the documentation, permissions, licensing and
implementation of all electrical, structural or mechanical elements needed
to support, house or power signage; coordination of sign manufacture and
installation with other trades; and


(f) Bid solicitation and contract negotiation; sourcing, establishment of
final pricing and contract terms directly with fabricators or vendors.


3. ENGINEERING


The Services shall include the selection and specifications for materials
and construction details as described in the Proposal. However, Client
acknowledges and agrees [that Provider is not a licensed engineer or
architect, and] that responsibility for the interpretation of design
drawings and] the design and engineering of all work performed under this
Agreement (“Engineering”) is the sole responsibility of Client and/or its
architect, engineer or fabricator.


4. IMPLEMENTATION


Client expressly acknowledges and agrees that the estimates provided in the
Proposal, at any time during the project for implementation charges such
as, including, but not limited to, fabrication or installation are for
planning purposes only. Such estimates represent the best judgment of
Provider or
its consultants at the time of the Proposal, but shall not be considered a
representation or guarantee that project bids or costs will not vary.
Client shall contract and pay those parties directly responsible for
implementation services such as fabrication or installation
(“Implementation”). Provider shall not be responsible for the quality or
timeliness of the third-party Implementation services, irrespective of
whether Provider assists or advises Client in evaluating, selecting or
monitoring the provider of such services.

