
December 14, 2015 Burly Sons Moving & Storage LLC 129 S Smith Rd Suite 102
Tempe Az, 85281


Dear Daniel Garcia,


This is to advise you that your employment will terminate effective,
December 14, 2015 , due to Theft of claiming false hours worked , and not
returning company IPhone 6, and (those reasons discussed with you) OR (a
change in business conditions/performance concerns/ organizational
fit/etc.). [Note: employers also have the option of providing employees
with working notice]


We will provide you with a severance package, details of which are outlined
in the attached Termination Agreement, (Appendix A). This amount is
inclusive of any payments, statutory or otherwise, which may be owed to you
under the Ontario Employment Standards Act.


This package is open for your review and acceptance until December 14, 2015


We would also like to take this opportunity to remind you that, not
withstanding the termination of your employment with the Company, certain
of your obligations under your employment contract and other agreements
that you may have signed during your employment with the Company continue.
These obligations include, but may not be limited to, obligations of
confidentiality and obligations relating to any intellectual property to
which you may have contributed while employed by the Company.


If you have any questions concerning the information contained in this
letter, please contact me directly.


Yours sincerely,


Mitchell Keller, CEO


Burly Sons Moving & Storage LLC


I, Name, hereby accept the terms set out in Appendix A, in full and final
satisfaction of any claims that I may have.


_______________________________________ _______________


Signature Date


Termination Agreement Between


Burly Sons Moving & Storage LLC


This Agreement confirms the circumstances surrounding the termination of
your employment with Burly Sons Moving & Storage LLC,


1. Termination Date: December 14, 2015


Your employment with Burly Sons Moving & Storage LLC, will terminate
effective December 14, 2015.


2. Notice


    • COMPANY will provide you with a lump sum payment equal to NUMBER (0)
      week’s base salary, representing your notice and entitlement as
      prescribed under the Employment Standards Act, 2000. Payment will be
      made through the usual means as part of the DATE pay cycle.


OR


    • The period between TODAY’S DATE and TERMINATION DATE is referred to in
      this agreement as the “notice period”. During the notice period your
      employment status will remain unchanged.


3. Severance [NOTE: Depending on the length of service this clause may not
be necessary]


    • COMPANY will provide you with a lump sum payment equal to NUMBER (0)
      base salary, representing your severance and entitlement as prescribed
      under the Employment Standards Act, 2000.


4. Vacation


Any outstanding vacation owing will be paid to you as a lump sum, less
applicable statutory deductions. Payment will be paid through the usual
means as part of the DATE pay cycle.


5. Group Benefits


Your group benefits coverage will continue for NUMBER (X) of weeks. (should
be same as the number in 2) You have the option of converting your life
insurance to an individual policy, as long as it is done within NUMBER (X)
(depends on your life insurance plan) days after TERMINATION DATE. [NOTE:
this is a legal requirement if you offer life insurance under your group
plan]


6. Additional Payment [NOTE: Depending on the terms of the applicable
employment contract, an additional amount may not be necessary or desired.
Legal advice should be sought on this point]


In addition to the above items and conditional upon the signing and
returning of the attached Full and Final Release, the Company is pleased to
provide you with the following additional assistance:


a) An additional payment equal to an additional NUMBER (X) (number of
additional weeks) weeks of base salary paid through the usual means on
“DATE” OR “THE COMPANY’S REGULARLY SCHEDULED PAYROLL CYCLE OVER THE NEXT
NUMBER (X) WEEKS”


b) Your current benefits, with the exception of NAME (name all excluded
benefits), will continue for an additional NUMBER (X) (should be the same
as 6(a)) of weeks or until you obtain alternate employment or commence
participation in a business interest, whichever occurs first.


The offer contained in Section 6 is conditional upon your agreement to keep
the terms hereof strictly confidential. You may only disclose the terms of
this offer to your immediate family members and your legal and financial
advisors. Any unauthorized disclosure of the terms of this offer shall
immediately terminate the offer.


7. Expenses


COMPANY will reimburse you for all reasonable business expenses incurred,
up to and including (TERMINATION DATE), provided you submit appropriate
forms and supporting original receipts no later than XX days from this
date.


8. Record of Employment


Your Record of Employment will be provided to you no later than 5 days of
the last payment made to you by the Company under the terms hereof. You
will need to present this form to your local Human Resources and Skills
Development Canada (HRSDC) in the event that you qualify for employment
insurance benefits.


9. Change of Address


In the event that you change your address, please notify Mitchell Keller
via email at MKELLER@burlysons.com ....so that we can arrange to forward
your 20xxT4 to the correct address.


10. References


At your request, we will provide you with a letter confirming your
employment with COMPANY, according to our usual practices.


11. Return of Company Property


Upon termination of your employment, you are required to return all COMPANY
property and material in your possession and are not to retain copies of
such materials.


12. Release


Any additional payments (above the minimum statutory legislation) is
conditional upon your having signed, witnessed dated and returned the
attached copy of this letter and the Release form (Appendix B) to NAME by
DATE.



RELEASE


WHEREAS the undersigned (the “Releasor”) was an employee of [Company] (the
“Company”);


AND WHEREAS the Releasor’s employment with the Company has been terminated,


NOW THEREFORE THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH that in consideration of the
Company’s offer to provide payments to the Releasor over and above the
Releasor’s statutory entitlement, and for other valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Releasor
covenants and agrees as follows:


1. FULL AND FINAL RELEASE


The Releasor does hereby release and forever discharge the Company, its
successors, administrators, assigns, affiliates and related companies, and
their directors, officers and employees (the “Released Parties”) of and
from all actions, causes of action, damages, claims, cross claims and
demands whatsoever, (including all damage, loss and injury not now known or
anticipated but which may arise in the future and all effects and
consequences thereof), however and wherever arising, which the Releasor
had, now has, or which the Releasor, its heirs, administrators and assigns
or any of them hereafter can, shall or may have in respect of the
Releasor’s employment by the Company or the termination thereof.


The Releasor further agrees not to make or continue any claim or take or
continue any proceeding against the Released Parties in Canada or elsewhere
in the world, with respect to the employment of the Releasor by the Company
or with respect to the termination of the Releasor’s employment.


The Releasor warrants that the Releasor has disclosed to the Company any
and all human rights complaints, concerns or issues arising out of or in
respect of the Releasor’s employment at the Company. The Releasor confirms
that the Releasor is aware of the Releaser’s rights under theHuman Rights
Code (Ontario) and warrants that the Releasor knows of no violation of the
Releasor’s rights under the Human Rights Code (Ontario) during the term of
the Releasor’s employment with the Company and is not asserting any rights
or advancing any human rights claim or complaint pursuant to the Human
Rights Code (Ontario).


It is understood and agreed that both this release and any consideration
transferred hereunder are deemed to be no admission whatsoever of liability
on the part of the Released Parties.


2. CONFIDENTIALITY UNDERTAKING


The Releasor, intending to be legally bound, hereby further agrees and
undertakes to protect in strict confidence, and not to use or disclose, any
and all information relating to the terms and the fact of this Release.


It is further understood that the Releasor will continue to be bound by any
and all confidentiality agreements signed by the Releasor while in the
employ of the Company, and the Releasor recognizes that the full force of
penalties and consequences pertaining to the breach of said agreements
remain in full force.


3. BENEFIT OF RELEASE, AGREEMENT AND UNDERTAKING


It is understood and agreed that this Release shall enure to the benefit of
the Released Parties and shall be binding on the Releasor, the Releasor’s
successors, administrators, assigns, affiliates and related companies.


The Releasor’s acknowledges that the signing of this Release is not a
condition for the Releasor to receive any money to which the Releasor would
otherwise be entitled to by operation of statute.


The Releasor hereby declares that it fully understands the terms of this
settlement, has had the opportunity to obtain independent legal
representation in connection with this Release and that it voluntarily
accepts same for the purpose of making full and final compromise,
adjustment and settlement of all claims as aforesaid, whether arising by
force of contract, at common law, or under applicable statutes.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF this agreement has been executed before the undersigned
witness by the Releasor on the __ day of ______,20___


SIGNED, SEALED AND DELIVERED


SIGNED in the presence of


WITNESS:


RELEASOR:

