
                               [COMPANY], INC.


                                  ARTICLE I


                                   OFFICES


1.1    Registered Office


The registered office shall be in the City of Dover, County of Kent, State
of Delaware.


1.2    Offices


The corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and
without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to
time determine or the business of the corporation may require.


                                 ARTICLE II 


                          MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS


2.1    Location


All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors shall be
held in the place as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of
Directors, or at such other place either within or without the State of
Delaware as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors
and stated in the notice of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board
of Directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting shall
not be held at any place, but may instead be held solely by means of remote
communication as authorized by Section 211 of the Delaware General
Corporations Law (“DGCL”). Meetings of stockholders for any other purpose
may be held at such time and place, if any, within or without the State of
Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly
executed waiver of notice thereof, or a waiver by electronic transmission
by the person entitled to notice.


2.2    Timing


Annual meetings of stockholders, commencing with the year 2011, shall be
held at such date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the
Board of Directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they
shall elect by a plurality vote a Board of Directors, and transact such
other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.


2.3    Notice of Meeting


Written notice of any stockholder meeting stating the place, if any, date
and hour of the meeting, the means of remote communication, if any, by
which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person
and vote at such meeting, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to
vote at such meeting not fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days
before the date of the meeting.


2.4    Stockholders’ Records


The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall
prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of
stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the
meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address (but not
the electronic address or other electronic contact information) of each
stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each
stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder,
for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of at least 10 days
prior to the meeting: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network,
provided that the information required to gain access to such list is
provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business
hours, at the principal place of business of the corporation. In the event
that the corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic
network, the corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such
information is available only to stockholders of the corporation. If the
meeting is to be held at a place, then the list shall be produced and kept
at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may
be inspected by any stockholder who is present. If the meeting is to be
held solely by means of remote communication, then the list shall also be
open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the
meeting on a reasonably accessible electronic network, and the information
required to access such list shall be provided with the notice of the
meeting.


2.5    Special Meetings


Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless
otherwise prescribed by statute or by the certificate of incorporation, may
be called by the president and shall be called by the president or
secretary at the request in writing of a majority of the Board of
Directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning at least
fifty percent (50%) in amount of the entire capital stock of the
corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall
state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.


2.6    Notice of Meeting


Written notice of a special meeting stating the place, date and hour of the
meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall
be given not fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the
date of the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting.
The means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and
proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting
shall also be provided in the notice.


2.7    Business Transacted at Special Meeting


Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited
to the purposes stated in the notice.


2.8    Quorum; Meeting Adjournment; Presence by Remote Means


(a)    Quorum; Meeting Adjournment. The holders of a majority of the stock
issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or
represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the
stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided
by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If, however, such quorum
shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the
stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by
proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without
notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be
present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall
be present or represented, any business may be transacted that might have
been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment
is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record
date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting
shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the
meeting.


(b)    Presence by Remote Means. If authorized by the Board of Directors in
its sole discretion, and subject to such guidelines and procedures as the
Board of Directors may adopt, stockholders and proxyholders not physically
present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication:


   1. participate in a meeting of stockholders; and
   2. be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders
      whether such meeting is to be held at a designated place or solely by
      means of remote communication, provided that (i) the corporation shall
      implement reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed
      present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote
      communication is a stockholder or proxyholder, (ii) the corporation
      shall implement reasonable measures to provide such stockholders and
      proxyholders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting
      and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including an
      opportunity to read or hear the proceedings of the meeting
      substantially concurrently with such proceedings, and (iii) if any
      stockholder or proxyholder votes or takes other action at the meeting
      by means of remote communication, a record of such vote or other
      action shall be maintained by the corporation.


2.9    Voting Thresholds


When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a
majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented
by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the
question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes or of the
certificate of incorporation, a different vote is required, in which case
such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such
question.


2.10    Number of Votes Per Share


Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each
stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one
vote by such stockholder or by proxy for each share of the capital stock
having voting power held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted
on after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer
period.


2.11    Action by Written Consent of Stockholders; Electronic Consent;
Notice of Action


(a)    Action by Written Consent of Stockholders. Unless otherwise provided
by the certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be
taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders may be taken
without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in
writing setting forth the action so taken, is signed in a manner permitted
by law by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the number
of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a
meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and
voted. Written stockholder consents shall bear the date of signature of
each stockholder who signs the consent in the manner permitted by law and
shall be delivered to the corporation as provided in subsection (b) below.
No written consent shall be effective to take the action set forth therein
unless, within sixty (60) days of the earliest dated consent delivered to
the corporation in the manner provided above, written consents signed by a
sufficient number of stockholders to take the action set forth therein are
delivered to the corporation in the manner provided above.


(b)    Electronic Consent. A telegram, cablegram or other electronic
transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a
stockholder or proxyholder, or a person or persons authorized to act for a
stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated
for the purposes of this section, provided that any such telegram,
cablegram or other electronic transmission sets forth or is delivered with
information from which the corporation can determine (1) that the telegram,
cablegram or other electronic transmission was transmitted by the
stockholder or proxyholder or by a person or persons authorized to act for
the stockholder or proxyholder and (2) the date on which such stockholder
or proxyholder or authorized person or persons transmitted such telegram,
cablegram or electronic transmission. The date on which such telegram,
cablegram or electronic transmission is transmitted shall be deemed to be
the date on which such consent was signed. No consent given by telegram,
cablegram or other electronic transmission shall be deemed to have been
delivered until such consent is reproduced in paper form and until such
paper form is delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered
office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business or an
officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which
proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to a
corporation’s registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or
registered mail, return receipt requested. Notwithstanding the foregoing
limitations on delivery, consents given by telegram, cablegram or other
electronic transmission may be otherwise delivered to the principal place
of business of the corporation or to an officer or agent of the corporation
having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders
are recorded if, to the extent and in the manner provided by resolution of
the Board of Directors of the corporation.


(c)    Notice of Action. Prompt notice of any action taken pursuant to this
Section 2.11 shall be provided to the stockholders in accordance with
Section 228(e) of the DGCL.


                                 ARTICLE III


                                  DIRECTORS


3.1    Authorized Directors


The number of directors that shall constitute the whole Board of Directors
shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors or by the
stockholders at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided
in Section 3.2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office
until his successor is elected and qualified. Directors need not be
stockholders.


3.2    Vacancies


Unless otherwise provided in the corporation’s certificate of
incorporation, as it may be amended, vacancies and newly created
directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of
directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office,
though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and
until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner
displaced. If there are no directors in office, then an election of
directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. If, at the time of
filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then
in office shall constitute less than a majority of the whole Board of
Directors (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), the
Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders
holding at least ten percent (10%) of the total number of the shares at the
time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily
order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created
directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in
office.


3.3    Board Authority


The business of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction
of its Board of Directors, which may exercise all such powers of the
corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or
by the certificate of incorporation or by these bylaws directed or required
to be exercised or done by the stockholders.


3.4    Location of Meetings


The Board of Directors of the corporation may hold meetings, both regular
and special, either within or without the State of Delaware.


3.5    First Meeting


 The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall be held
at such time and place as shall be fixed by the vote of the stockholders at
the annual meeting and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the
newly elected directors in order to legally constitute the meeting,
provided a quorum shall be present. In the event of the failure of the
stockholders to fix the time or place of such first meeting of the newly
elected Board of Directors, or in the event such meeting is not held at the
time and place so fixed by the stockholders, the meeting may be held at
such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter
provided for special meetings of the Board of Directors, or as shall be
specified in a written waiver signed by all of the directors.


3.6    Regular Meetings


Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at
such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the
Board of Directors.


3.7    Special Meetings


Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the president
upon notice to each director; special meetings shall be called by the
president or secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written
request of two (2) directors unless the Board of Directors consists of only
one director, in which case special meetings shall be called by the
president or secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written
request of the sole director. Notice of any special meeting shall be given
to each director at his business or residence in writing, or by telegram,
facsimile transmission, telephone communication or electronic transmission
(provided, with respect to electronic transmission, that the director has
consented to receive the form of transmission at the address to which it is
directed). If mailed, such notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when
deposited in the United States mails so addressed, with postage thereon
prepaid, at least five (5) days before such meeting. If by telegram, such
notice shall be deemed adequately delivered when the telegram is delivered
to the telegraph company at least twenty-four (24) hours before such
meeting. If by facsimile transmission or other electronic transmission,
such notice shall be transmitted at least twenty-four (24) hours before
such meeting. If by telephone, the notice shall be given at least twelve
(12) hours prior to the time set for the meeting. Neither the business to
be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the
Board of Directors need be specified in the notice of such meeting, except
for amendments to these Bylaws as provided under Section 8.1 of
Article VIII hereof. A meeting may be held at any time without notice if
all the directors are present (except as otherwise provided by law) or if
those not present waive notice of the meeting in writing, either before or
after such meeting.


3.8    Quorum


At all meetings of the Board of Directors a majority of the directors shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and any act of a
majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum
shall be an act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise
specifically provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If
a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the
directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time,
without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall
be present.


3.9    Action Without a Meeting


Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the
Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a
meeting if all members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case
may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the
writing, writings, electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with
the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee.


3.10    Telephonic Meetings


Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws, members of the Board of Directors or any committee designated by
the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of
Directors or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other means
of communication by which all persons participating in the meeting can hear
each other, and such participation shall constitute presence in person at
the meeting.


3.11    Committees


The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee
to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board of
Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any
committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting
of the committee.


In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member
or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting,
whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously
appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in
the place of any such absent or disqualified member.


Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board
of Directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of
the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the
corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to
all papers which may require it, but no such committee shall have the power
or authority in reference to the following matters: (i) approving or
adopting, or recommending to the stockholders, any action or matter
expressly required by the DGCL to be submitted to stockholders for approval
or (ii) adopting, amending or repealing any provision of these bylaws.


3.12    Minutes of Meetings


Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the
same to the Board of Directors when required.


3.13    Compensation of Directors


Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the
compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if
any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be
paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors
or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director
from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be
allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.


3.14    Removal of Directors


Unless otherwise provided by the certificate of incorporation or these
bylaws, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be removed, with
or without cause, by the holders of a majority of shares entitled to vote
at an election of directors.


                                 ARTICLE IV


                                   NOTICES


4.1   Notice


Unless otherwise provided in these bylaws, whenever, under the provisions
of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or of these bylaws,
notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not
be construed to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in
writing, by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address
as it appears on the records of the corporation, with postage thereon
prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the
same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may
also be given by telegram.


4.2   Waiver of Notice


Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the
statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or of these bylaws, a
waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said
notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed
equivalent thereto.


4.3    Electronic Notice


(a)    Electronic Transmission. Without limiting the manner by which notice
otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders and directors, any
notice to stockholders or directors given by the corporation under any
provision of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation or these bylaws
shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented
to by the stockholder or director to whom the notice is given. Any such
consent shall be revocable by the stockholder or director by written notice
to the corporation. Any such consent shall be deemed revoked if (1) the
corporation is unable to deliver by electronic transmission two consecutive
notices given by the corporation in accordance with such consent and
(2) such inability becomes known to the secretary or an assistant secretary
of the corporation or to the transfer agent, or other person responsible
for the giving of notice; provided, however, the inadvertent failure to
treat such inability as a revocation shall not invalidate any meeting or
other action.


(b)    Effective Date of Notice. Notice given pursuant to subsection (a) of
this section shall be deemed given: (1) if by facsimile telecommunication,
when directed to a number at which the stockholder or director has
consented to receive notice; (2) if by electronic mail, when directed to an
electronic mail address at which the stockholder or director has consented
to receive notice; (3) if by a posting on an electronic network together
with separate notice to the stockholder or director of such specific
posting, upon the later of (i) such posting and (ii) the giving of such
separate notice; and (4) if by any other form of electronic transmission,
when directed to the stockholder or director. An affidavit of the secretary
or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent or other agent of the
corporation that the notice has been given by a form of electronic
transmission shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the
facts stated therein.


(c)    Form of Electronic Transmission. For purposes of these bylaws,
“electronic transmission” means any form of communication, not directly
involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that
may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient thereof, and that
may be directly reproduced in paper form by such a recipient through an
automated process.


                                  ARTICLE V


                                  OFFICERS


5.1    Required and Permitted Officers


The officers of the corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors
and shall be a president, treasurer and a secretary. The Board of Directors
may elect from among its members a Chairman of the Board and a Vice
Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors may also choose one or more
vice presidents, assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers. Any number
of offices may be held by the same person, unless the certificate of
incorporation or these bylaws otherwise provide.


5.2    Appointment of Required Officers


The Board of Directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of
stockholders shall choose a president, a treasurer, and a secretary and may
choose vice presidents.


5.3    Appointment of Permitted Officers


The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it
shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall
exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from
time to time by the Board of Directors.


5.4    Officer Compensation


The salaries of all officers and agents of the corporation shall be fixed
by the Board of Directors.


5.5    Term of Office; Vacancies


The officers of the corporation shall hold office until their successors
are chosen and qualify. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of
Directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the Board of Directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the
corporation shall be filled by the Board of Directors.


                          THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD


5.6    Chairman Presides


The Chairman of the Board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the
Board of Directors and of the stockholders at which he or she shall be
present. He or she shall have and may exercise such powers as are, from
time to time, assigned to him by the Board of Directors and as may be
provided by law.


5.7    Absence of Chairman


In the absence of the Chairman of the Board, the Vice-Chairman of the
Board, if any, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and
of the stockholders at which he or she shall be present. He or she shall
have and may exercise such powers as are, from time to time, assigned to
him by the Board of Directors and as may be provided by law.


                      THE PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENTS


5.8    Powers of President


The president shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation
unless some other officer is so designated by the Board; in the absence of
the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of the Board he or she shall preside at all
meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors; he or she shall
have general and active management of the business of the corporation and
shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are
carried into effect.


5.9    President’s Signature Authority


The president shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring
a seal, under the seal of the corporation, except where required or
permitted by law to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the
signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of
Directors to some other officer or agent of the corporation.


5.10    Absence of President


In the absence of the president or in the event of his inability or refusal
to act, the vice president, if any, (or in the event there be more than one
vice president, the vice presidents in the order designated by the
directors, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their
election) shall perform the duties of the president, and when so acting,
shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon
the president. The vice-presidents shall perform such other duties and have
such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time
prescribe.


                    THE SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARY


5.11    Duties of Secretary


The secretary shall attend all meetings of the Board of Directors and all
meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings
of the corporation and of the Board of Directors in a book to be kept for
that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when
required. He or she shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all
meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of
Directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors or president, under whose supervision he or she shall
be. He or she shall have custody of the corporate seal of the corporation
and he or she, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority to affix the
same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested
by his signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The Board
of Directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the
seal of the corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature.


5.12    Duties of Assistant Secretary


The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant
secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors (or if there
be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in
the absence of the secretary or in the event of his inability or refusal to
act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall
perform such other duties and have such other powers as the Board of
Directors may from time to time prescribe.


                   THE TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS


5.13    Duties of Treasurer


The treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities
and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in
books belonging to the corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other
valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such
depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors.


5.14    Disbursements and Financial Reports


He or she shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by
the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and
shall render to the president and the Board of Directors, at its regular
meetings or when the Board of Directors so requires, an account of all his
transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the
corporation.


5.15    Treasurer’s Bond


. If required by the Board of Directors, the treasurer shall give the
corporation a bond (which shall be renewed every six years) in such sum and
with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of
Directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for
the restoration to the corporation, in case of his death, resignation,
retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money
and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control
belonging to the corporation.


5.16    Duties of Assistant Treasurer


The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant
treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors (or if there
be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in
the absence of the treasurer or in the event of the treasurer’s inability
or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the
treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as
the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.


                                 ARTICLE VI


                            CERTIFICATE OF STOCK


6.1    Stock Certificates


Every holder of stock in the corporation shall be entitled to have a
certificate, signed by or in the name of the corporation by, the Chairman
or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the president or a vice
president and the treasurer or an assistant treasurer, or the secretary or
an assistant secretary of the corporation, certifying the number of shares
owned by him in the corporation.


Certificates may be issued for partly paid shares and in such case upon the
face or back of the certificates issued to represent any such partly paid
shares, the total amount of the consideration to be paid therefor, and the
amount paid thereon shall be specified.


If the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of
stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of
each class of stock or series thereof and the qualification, limitations or
restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full
or summarized on the face or back of the certificate which the corporation
shall issue to represent such class or series of stock, provided that,
except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the DGCL, in lieu of the
foregoing requirements, there may be set forth on the face or back of the
certificate which the corporation shall issue to represent such class or
series of stock, a statement that the corporation will furnish without
charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations,
preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of
each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations
or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.


6.2    Facsimile Signatures


Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile. In the
event that any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose
facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to
be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is
issued, the certificate may be issued by the corporation with the same
effect as if such officer, transfer agent or registrar were still acting as
such at the date of issue.


6.3    Lost Certificates


The Board of Directors may direct a new certificate or certificates to be
issued in place of any certificate or certificates theretofore issued by
the corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed upon the
making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming the certificate
to be lost, stolen or destroyed. When authorizing such issuance of a new
certificate or certificates, the Board of Directors may, in its discretion
and as a condition precedent to the issuance, require the owner of such
lost, stolen or destroyed certificate or certificates, or his legal
representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require
and/or to give the corporation a bond in such sum as it may direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made against the corporation with
respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.


6.4    Transfer of Stock


Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation
of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence
of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty
of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled
thereto, cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its
books.


6.5    Fixing a Record Date


In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a
meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights
in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record
date which shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days
before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to any
other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice
of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment
of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a
new record date for the adjourned meeting.


6.6    Registered Stockholders


The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a
person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends,
to vote as such owner, to hold liable for calls and assessments a person
registered on its books as the owner of shares and shall not be bound to
recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or
shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have
express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws
of Delaware.


                                 ARTICLE VII


                             GENERAL PROVISIONS


7.1   Dividends


Dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation, if any, subject to the
provisions of the certificate of incorporation, may be declared by the
Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law.
Dividends may be paid in cash, in property or in shares of the capital
stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation.


7.2    Reserve for Dividends


Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of
the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors
from time to time, in their sole discretion, think proper as a reserve or
reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for
repairing or maintaining any property of the corporation, or for such other
purposes as the directors think conducive to the interests of the
corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in
the manner in which it was created.


7.3    Checks


All checks or demands for money and notes of the corporation shall be
signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the
Board of Directors may from time to time designate.


7.4    Fiscal Year


The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the
Board of Directors.


7.5    Corporate Seal


The Board of Directors may adopt a corporate seal having inscribed thereon
the name of the corporation, the year of its organization and the words
“Corporate Seal, Delaware.” The seal may be used by causing it or a
facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or otherwise reproduced.


7.6    Indemnification


The corporation shall, to the fullest extent authorized under the laws of
the State of Delaware, as those laws may be amended and supplemented from
time to time, indemnify any director made, or threatened to be made, a
party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative
or investigative, by reason of being a director of the corporation or a
predecessor corporation or a director or officer of another corporation, if
such person served in such position at the request of the corporation;
provided, however, that the corporation shall indemnify any such director
or officer in connection with a proceeding initiated by such director or
officer only if such proceeding was authorized by the Board of Directors of
the corporation. The indemnification provided for in this Section 7.6
shall: (i) not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those
indemnified may be entitled under these bylaws, agreement or vote of
stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in
their official capacities and as to action in another capacity while
holding such office, (ii) continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director, and (iii) inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and
administrators of a person who has ceased to be a director. The
corporation’s obligation to provide indemnification under this Section 7.6
shall be offset to the extent of any other source of indemnification or any
otherwise applicable insurance coverage under a policy maintained by the
corporation or any other person.


Expenses incurred by a director of the corporation in defending a civil or
criminal action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is
or was a director of the corporation (or was serving at the corporation’s
request as a director or officer of another corporation) shall be paid by
the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director
to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is
not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized by relevant
sections of the DGCL. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the corporation shall
not be required to advance such expenses to an agent who is a party to an
action, suit or proceeding brought by the corporation and approved by a
majority of the Board of Directors of the corporation that alleges willful
misappropriation of corporate assets by such agent, disclosure of
confidential information in violation of such agent’s fiduciary or
contractual obligations to the corporation or any other willful and
deliberate breach in bad faith of such agent’s duty to the corporation or
its stockholders.


The foregoing provisions of this Section 7.6 shall be deemed to be a
contract between the corporation and each director who serves in such
capacity at any time while this bylaw is in effect, and any repeal or
modification thereof shall not affect any rights or obligations then
existing with respect to any state of facts then or theretofore existing or
any action, suit or proceeding theretofore or thereafter brought based in
whole or in part upon any such state of facts.


The Board of Directors in its sole discretion shall have power on behalf of
the corporation to indemnify any person, other than a director, made a
party to any action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or
she, his testator or intestate, is or was an officer or employee of the
corporation.


To assure indemnification under this Section 7.6 of all directors, officers
and employees who are determined by the corporation or otherwise to be or
to have been “fiduciaries” of any employee benefit plan of the corporation
that may exist from time to time, Section 145 of the DGCL shall, for the
purposes of this Section 7.6, be interpreted as follows: an “other
enterprise” shall be deemed to include such an employee benefit plan,
including without limitation, any plan of the corporation that is governed
by the Act of Congress entitled “Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974,” as amended from time to time; the corporation shall be deemed to
have requested a person to serve the corporation for purposes of
Section 145 of the DGCL, as administrator of an employee benefit plan where
the performance by such person of his duties to the corporation also
imposes duties on, or otherwise involves services by, such person to the
plan or participants or beneficiaries of the plan; excise taxes assessed on
a person with respect to an employee benefit plan pursuant to such Act of
Congress shall be deemed “fines.”


                    Certificate of Incorporation Governs


7.7    Conflicts with Certificate of Incorporation


In the event of any conflict between the provisions of the corporation’s
certificate of incorporation and these bylaws, the provisions of the
certificate of incorporation shall govern.


                                ARTICLE VIII


                                 AMENDMENTS


8.1   These bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed, or new bylaws may
be adopted by the stockholders or by the Board of Directors, when such
power is conferred upon the Board of Directors by the certificate of
incorporation at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of
Directors or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the Board of
Directors if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of
new bylaws be contained in the notice of such special meeting. If the power
to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws is conferred upon the Board of Directors
by the certificate of incorporation, it shall not divest or limit the power
of the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal bylaws.


                                 ARTICLE IX


                              LOANS TO OFFICERS


9.1    The corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of or
otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its
subsidiaries, including any officer or employee who is a director of the
corporation or its subsidiaries, whenever, in the judgment of the Board of
Directors, such loan, guarantee or assistance may reasonably be expected to
benefit the corporation. The loan, guarantee or other assistance may be
with or without interest and may be unsecured or secured in such manner as
the Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a
pledge of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in these bylaws shall
be deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of
the corporation at common law or under any statute.


                         CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY OF


                               [COMPANY], INC.


The undersigned, [SECRETARY NAME], hereby certifies that he is the duly
elected and acting Secretary of [COMPANY], Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the “Corporation”), and that the Bylaws attached hereto constitute the
Bylaws of said Corporation as duly adopted by Action by Written Consent in
Lieu of Organizational Meeting by the Directors on [EFFECTIVE DATE].


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereunto subscribed his name this
[SIGNATURE DAY] day of [SIGNATURE MONTH], [SIGNATURE YEAR].


Name: [SECRETARY NAME]


Secretary

