
                                   BYLAWS


                                     OF


                              [[COMPANY NAME]]



                                  Article I


                              Corporate Offices


1.1 Registered Office.


The registered office of the corporation shall be in the City of [CITY OF
REGISTERED OFFICE], County of [COUNTY OF REGISTERED OFFICE], State of
Delaware. The name of the registered agent of the corporation at such
location is [[REGISTERED AGENT NAME]].


1.2 Other Offices.


The Board of Directors may at any time establish other offices at any place
or places where the corporation is qualified to do business.



                                 Article II


                          Meetings of Stockholders


2.1 Place Of Meetings.


Meetings of stockholders shall be held at any place, within or outside the
State of Delaware, designated by the Board of Directors. In the absence of
any such designation, stockholders’ meetings shall be held at the
registered office of the corporation.


2.2 Annual Meeting.


The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held on such date, time and
place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as may be designated
by resolution of the Board of Directors each year. At the meeting,
directors shall be elected and any other proper business may be transacted.


2.3 Special Meeting.


A special meeting of the stockholders may be called at any time by the
Board of Directors, the chairman of the board, the president or by one or
more stockholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast not less
than ten percent of the votes at that meeting.


If a special meeting is called by any person or persons other than the
Board of Directors, the president or the chairman of the board, the request
shall be in writing, specifying the time of such meeting and the general
nature of the business proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered
personally or sent by registered mail or by telegraphic or other
facsimile transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any
vice president, or the secretary of the corporation. No business may be
transacted at such special meeting otherwise than specified in such notice.
The officer receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given
to the stockholders entitled to vote, in accordance with the provisions of
Sections 2.4 and 2.5 of this Article II, that a meeting will be held at the
time requested by the person or persons calling the meeting, not less than
thirty-five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the
request. If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after the
receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the meeting may
give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph of this Section 2.3
shall be construed as limiting, fixing, or affecting the time when
a meeting of stockholders called by action of the Board of Directors may be
held.


2.4 Notice Of Stockholders’ Meetings.


All notices of meetings with stockholders shall be in writing and shall be
sent or otherwise given in accordance with Section 2.5 of these Bylaws not
less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date of the
meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. The notice
shall specify the place (if any), date and hour of the meeting, and in the
case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is
called.


2.5 Manner Of Giving Notice; Affidavit Of Notice.


Written notice of any meeting of stockholders, if mailed, is given when
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the
stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation.
Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given
effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by
electronic mail or other electronic transmission, in the manner provided in
Section 232 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. An affidavit of the
secretary or an assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the
corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud,
be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.


2.6 Quorum.


The holders of a majority of the shares of stock issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall
constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction
of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate
of incorporation. If, however, such quorum is not present or represented at
any meeting of the stockholders, then either (a) the chairman of the
meeting or (b) holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to
vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall have power to adjourn
the meeting to another place (if any), date or time.


2.7 Adjourned Meeting; Notice.


When a meeting is adjourned to another place (if any), date or time, unless
these Bylaws otherwise require, notice need not be given of the adjourned
meeting if the time and place (if any), thereof and the means of remote
communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be
deemed to be present and vote at such adjourned meeting, are announced at
the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting
the corporation may transact any business that might have been transacted
at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if
after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting,
notice of the place (if any), date and time of the adjourned meeting and
the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy
holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned
meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at
the meeting.


2.8 Organization; Conduct of Business.


(a) Such person as the Board of Directors may have designated or, in the
absence of such a person, the President of the Corporation or, in his or
her absence, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of
the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall
call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as Chairman of the
meeting. In the absence of the Secretary of the Corporation, the Secretary
of the meeting shall be such person as the Chairman of the meeting
appoints.


(b) The Chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order
of business and the procedure at the meeting, including the manner of
voting and the conduct of business. The date and time of opening and
closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote
at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting.


2.9 Voting.


The stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be
determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12 of these
Bylaws, subject to the provisions of Sections 217 and 218 of the General
Corporation Law of Delaware (relating to voting rights of fiduciaries,
pledgors and joint owners of stock and to voting trusts and other voting
agreements).


Except as may be otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation,
each stockholder shall be entitled to one vote for each share of capital
stock held by such stockholder. All elections shall be determined by a
plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law, all
other matters shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast
affirmatively or negatively.


2.10 Waiver Of Notice.


Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General
Corporation Law of Delaware or of the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice,
or waiver by electronic mail or other electronic transmission by such
person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed
equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute
a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a
meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the
meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor
the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be
specified in any written waiver of notice, or any waiver of notice by
electronic transmission, unless so required by the certificate
of incorporation or these Bylaws.


2.11 Stockholder Action By Written Consent Without A Meeting.


Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, any action
required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of
the corporation, or any action that may be taken at any annual or special
meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior
notice, and without a vote if a consent in writing, setting forth the
action so taken, is (i) signed by the holders of outstanding stock having
not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to
authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to
vote thereon were present and voted, and (ii) delivered to the Corporation
in accordance with Section 228(a) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.


Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder
who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the
corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the date the
earliest dated consent is delivered to the Corporation, a written consent
or consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are
delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed in this Section. A
telegram, cablegram, electronic mail or other electronic transmission
consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or
proxyholder, or by a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder
or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for
purposes of this Section to the extent permitted by law. Any such consent
shall be delivered in accordance with Section 228(d)(1) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law.


Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing
may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all
purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such
copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of
the entire original writing.


Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by
less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders
who have not consented in writing (including by electronic mail or other
electronic transmission as permitted by law). If the action which is
consented to is such as would have required the filing of a certificate
under any section of the General Corporation Law of Delaware if such action
had been voted on by stockholders at a meeting thereof, then the
certificate filed under such section shall state, in lieu of any statement
required by such section concerning any vote of stockholders, that written
notice and written consent have been given as provided in Section 228 of
the General Corporation Law of Delaware.


2.12 Record Date For Stockholder Notice; Voting; Giving Consents.


In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to
notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment
thereof, or entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing
without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other
distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights
in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the
purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in
advance, a record date, which shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10
days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any
other action.


If the Board of Directors does not so fix a record date:


(a) The record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or
to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on
the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is
waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which
the meeting is held.


(b) The record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to
corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the
Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which the first
written consent (including consent by electronic mail or other electronic
transmission as permitted by law) is delivered to the corporation.


(c) The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose
shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of
Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.


A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote
at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting,
if such adjournment is for thirty (30) days or less; provided, however,
that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned
meeting.


2.13 Proxies.


Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to
express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting
may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by an
instrument in writing or by an electronic transmission permitted by law
filed with the secretary of the corporation, but no such proxy shall be
voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy
provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be deemed signed if the
stockholder’s name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature,
typewriting, facsimile, electronic or telegraphic transmission
or otherwise) by the stockholder or the stockholder’s attorney-in-fact. The
revocability of a proxy that states on its face that it is irrevocable
shall be governed by the provisions of Section 212(e) of the General
Corporation Law of Delaware. 


                                 Article III


                                  Directors


3.1 Powers.


Subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of Delaware and
any limitations in the certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws
relating to action required to be approved by the stockholders or by the
outstanding shares, the business and affairs of the corporation shall be
managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the
direction of the Board of Directors.


3.2 Number Of Directors.


Upon the adoption of these bylaws, the number of directors constituting the
entire Board of Directors shall be [# OF DIRECTORS]. Thereafter, this
number may be changed by a resolution of the Board of Directors or of the
stockholders, subject to Section 3.4 of these Bylaws. No reduction of the
authorized number of directors shall have the effect of removing any
director before such director’s term of office expires.


3.3 Election, Qualification And Term Of Office Of Directors.


Except as provided in Section 3.4 of these Bylaws, and unless otherwise
provided in the certificate of incorporation, directors shall be elected at
each annual meeting of stockholders to hold office until the next annual
meeting. Directors need not be stockholders unless so required by the
certificate of incorporation or these Bylaws, wherein other qualifications
for directors may be prescribed. Each director, including a director
elected to fill a vacancy, shall hold office until his or her successor is
elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.


Unless otherwise specified in the certificate of incorporation, elections
of directors need not be by written ballot.


3.4 Resignation And Vacancies.


Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the attention of
the Secretary of the corporation. When one or more directors so resigns and
the resignation is effective at a future date, a majority of the directors
then in office, including those who have so resigned, shall have power to
fill such vacancy or vacancies, the vote thereon to take effect when such
resignation or resignations shall become effective, and each director so
chosen shall hold office as provided in this section in the filling of
other vacancies.


Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws:


(a) Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase
in the authorized number of directors elected by all of the stockholders
having the right to vote as a single class may be filled by a majority of
the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole
remaining director.


(b) Whenever the holders of any class or classes of stock or series thereof
are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the
certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships of
such class or classes or series may be filled by a majority of the
directors elected by such class or classes or series thereof then in
office, or by a sole remaining director so elected.


If at any time, by reason of death or resignation or other cause, the
corporation should have no directors in office, then any officer or any
stockholder or an executor, administrator, trustee or guardian of a
stockholder, or other fiduciary entrusted with like responsibility for the
person or estate of a stockholder, may call a special meeting of
stockholders in accordance with the provisions of the certificate of
incorporation or these Bylaws, or may apply to the Court of Chancery for a
decree summarily ordering an election as provided in Section 211 of the
General Corporation Law of Delaware.


If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship,
the directors then in office constitute less than a majority of the whole
board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), then the
Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders
holding at least 10% of the total number of the shares at the
time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily
order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created
directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in
office as aforesaid, which election shall be governed by the provisions of
Section 211 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware as far as
applicable.


3.5 Place Of Meetings; Meetings By Telephone.


The Board of Directors of the corporation may hold meetings, both regular
and special, either within or outside the State of Delaware.


Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by
the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of
Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or other
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in
the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall
constitute presence in person at the meeting.


3.6 Regular Meetings.


Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at
such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the
board.


3.7 Special Meetings; Notice.


Special meetings of the Board of Directors for any purpose or purposes may
be called at any time by the chairman of the board, the president, any vice
president, the secretary or any two directors.


Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be delivered
personally or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail,
facsimile, electronic transmission, or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed
to each director at that director’s address as it is shown on the records
of the corporation. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the
United States mail at least four days before the time of the holding of the
meeting. If the notice is delivered personally or by facsimile, electronic
transmission, telephone or telegram, it shall be delivered at least 48
hours before the time of the holding of the meeting. Any oral notice given
personally or by telephone may be communicated either to the director or to
a person at the office of the director who the person giving the notice has
reason to believe will promptly communicate it to the director. The notice
need not specify the purpose of the meeting. The notice need not specify
the place of the meeting, if the meeting is to be held at the principal
executive office of the corporation. Unless otherwise indicated in the
notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special
meeting.


3.8 Quorum.


At all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number
of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and
the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which
there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may
be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the certificate
of incorporation. If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the Board of
Directors, then the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from
time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until
a quorum is present.


A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may continue to transact
business notwithstanding the withdrawal of directors, if any action taken
is approved by at least a majority of the required quorum for that meeting.


3.9 Waiver Of Notice.


Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of the General
Corporation Law of Delaware or of the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to notice,
or waiver by electronic mail or other electronic transmission by such
person, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed
equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute
a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a
meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the
meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not
lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor
the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors, or members
of a committee of directors, need be specified in any written waiver of
notice unless so required by the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws.


3.10 Board Action By Written Consent Without A Meeting.


Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the
Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a
meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be,
consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing
or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the
minutes of proceedings of the board or committee. Such filing shall be in
paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in
electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.


Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing
may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all
purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such
copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of
the entire original writing.


3.11 Fees And Compensation Of Directors.


Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these
Bylaws, the Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the
compensation of directors. No such compensation shall preclude any director
from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor.


3.12 Approval Of Loans To Officers.


The corporation may lend money to, or guarantee any obligation of, or
otherwise assist any officer or other employee of the corporation or of its
subsidiary, including any officer or employee who is a director of the
corporation or its subsidiary, whenever, in the judgment of the directors,
such loan, guaranty or assistance may reasonably be expected to benefit
the corporation. The loan, guaranty or other assistance may be with or
without interest and may be unsecured, or secured in such manner as the
Board of Directors shall approve, including, without limitation, a pledge
of shares of stock of the corporation. Nothing in this section shall be
deemed to deny, limit or restrict the powers of guaranty or warranty of the
corporation at common law or under any statute.


3.13 Removal Of Directors.


Unless otherwise restricted by statute, by the certificate of incorporation
or by these Bylaws, any director or the entire Board of Directors may be
removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares
then entitled to vote at an election of directors; provided, however, that
if the stockholders of the corporation are entitled to cumulative voting,
if less than the entire Board of Directors is to be removed, no director
may be removed without cause if the votes cast against his removal would be
sufficient to elect him if then cumulatively voted at an election of the
entire Board of Directors.


No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of
removing any director prior to the expiration of such director’s term of
office.


3.14 Chairman Of The Board Of Directors.


The corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors,
a chairman of the Board of Directors who shall not be considered an officer
of the corporation.



                                 Article IV


                                 Committees


4.1 Committees Of Directors.


The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, each committee

to consist of one or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board
may designate 1 or more directors as alternate members of any committee,
who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the
committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee,
the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from
voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may
unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the
meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such
committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of
Directors, or in these Bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers
and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business
and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such
committee shall have the power or authority in reference to the following
matters: (i) approving or adopting, or recommending to the stockholders,
any action or matter expressly required by the
General Corporate Law of Delaware to be submitted to stockholders for
approval or
(ii) adopting, amending or repealing any Bylaw of the corporation.


4.2 Committee Minutes.


Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the
same to
the Board of Directors when required.


4.3 Meetings And Action Of Committees.


Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held and taken
in
accordance with, the provisions of Section 3.5 (place of meetings and
meetings by telephone), Section 3.6 (regular meetings), Section 3.7
(special meetings and notice), Section 3.8 (quorum), Section 3.9 (waiver of
notice), and Section 3.10 (action without a meeting) of these Bylaws, with
such changes in the context of such provisions as are necessary to
substitute the committee and its members for the Board of Directors and its
members; provided, however, that the time of regular meetings of committees
may be determined either by resolution of the Board of Directors or by
resolution of the committee, that special meetings of committees may also
be called by resolution of the Board of Directors and that notice of
special meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate
members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the committee.
The Board of Directors may adopt rules for the government of any committee
not
inconsistent with the provisions of these Bylaws.



                                  Article V


                                  Officers


5.1 Officers.


The officers of the corporation shall be a president, a secretary, and a
chief financial officer. The corporation may also have, at the discretion
of the Board of Directors, a chief executive officer, one or more vice
presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, one or more assistant
treasurers, and any such other officers as may be appointed in accordance
with the provisions of Section 5.3 of these Bylaws. Any number of offices
may be held by the same person.


5.2 Appointment Of Officers.


The officers of the corporation, except such officers as may be appointed
in accordance with the provisions of Sections 5.3 or 5.5 of these Bylaws,
shall be appointed by the Board of Directors, subject to the rights, if
any, of an officer under any contract of employment.


5.3 Subordinate Officers.


The Board of Directors may appoint, or empower the chief executive officer
or the president to appoint, such other officers and agents as the business
of the corporation may require, each of whom shall hold office for such
period, have such authority, and perform such duties as are provided in
these Bylaws or as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.


5.4 Removal And Resignation Of Officers.


Subject to the rights, if any, of an officer under any contract of
employment, any officer may be removed, either with or without cause, by an
affirmative vote of the majority of the Board of Directors at any regular
or special meeting of the board or, except in the case of an officer chosen
by the Board of Directors, by any officer upon whom the power of removal is
conferred by the Board of Directors.


Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the
corporation. Any resignation shall take effect at the date of the receipt
of that notice or at any later time specified in that notice; and, unless
otherwise specified in that notice, the acceptance of the resignation shall
not be necessary to make it effective. Any resignation is without prejudice
to the rights, if any, of the corporation under any contract to which the
officer is a party.


5.5 Vacancies In Offices.


Any vacancy occurring in any office of the corporation shall be filled by
the Board of Directors.


5.6 Chief Executive Officer.


Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of
Directors to the chairman of the board, if any, the chief executive officer
of the corporation (if such an officer is appointed) shall, subject to the
control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction, and
control of the business and the officers of the corporation. He or she
shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and, in the absence or
nonexistence of a chairman of the board, at all meetings of the Board of
Directors and shall have the general powers and duties of management
usually vested in the office of chief executive officer of a corporation
and shall have such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors or these Bylaws.


5.7 President.


Subject to such supervisory powers, if any, as may be given by the Board of
Directors to the chairman of the board (if any) or the chief executive
officer, the president shall have general supervision, direction, and
control of the business and other officers of the corporation. He or she
shall have the general powers and duties of management usually vested in
the office of president of a corporation and such other powers and duties
as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or these Bylaws.


5.8 Vice Presidents.


In the absence or disability of the chief executive officer and president,
the vice presidents, if any, in order of their rank as fixed by the Board
of Directors or, if not ranked, a vice president designated by the Board of
Directors, shall perform all the duties of the president and when so acting
shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon,
the president. The vice presidents shall have such other powers and perform
such other duties as from time to time may be prescribed for them
respectively by the Board of Directors, these Bylaws, the president or the
chairman of the board.


5.9 Secretary.


The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal executive
office of the corporation or such other place as the Board of Directors may
direct, a book of minutes of all meetings and actions of directors,
committees of directors, and stockholders. The minutes shall show the time
and place of each meeting, the names of those present at directors’
meetings or committee meetings, the number of shares present or represented
at stockholders’ meetings, and the proceedings thereof.


The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the principal executive
office of the corporation or at the office of the corporation’s transfer
agent or registrar, as determined by resolution of the Board of Directors,
a share register, or a duplicate share register, showing the names of all
stockholders and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by
each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, and the
number and date of cancellation of every certificate surrendered for
cancellation.


The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of
the stockholders and of the Board of Directors required to be given by law
or by these Bylaws. He or she shall keep the seal of the corporation, if
one be adopted, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and
perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or
by these Bylaws.


5.10 Chief Financial Officer.


The chief financial officer shall be the treasurer and shall keep and
maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books
and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the
corporation, including accounts of its assets, liabilities, receipts,
disbursements, gains, losses, capital retained earnings, and shares. The
books of account shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any
director.


The chief financial officer shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in
the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositories as may
be designated by the Board of Directors. He or she shall disburse the funds
of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall
render to the president, the chief executive officer, or the directors,
upon request, an account of all his or her transactions as chief financial
officer and of the financial condition of the corporation, and shall have
other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the
Board of Directors or the bylaws.


5.11 Representation Of Shares Of Other Corporations.


The chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the president, any
vice president, the chief financial officer, the secretary or assistant
secretary of this corporation, or any other person authorized by the Board
of Directors or the chief executive officer or the president or a vice
president, is authorized to vote, represent, and exercise on behalf of
this corporation all rights incident to any and all shares of any other
corporation or corporations standing in the name of this corporation. The
authority granted herein may be exercised either by such person directly or
by any other person authorized to do so by proxy or power of attorney duly
executed by the person having such authority.


5.12 Authority And Duties Of Officers.


In addition to the foregoing authority and duties, all officers of the
corporation shall respectively have such authority and perform such duties
in the management of the business of the corporation as may be designated
from time to time by the Board of Directors or the stockholders.



                                 Article VI


     Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees, and Other Agents


6.1 Indemnification Of Directors And Officers.


The corporation shall, to the maximum extent and in the manner permitted by
the General Corporation Law of Delaware, indemnify each of its directors
and officers against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments,
fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in
connection with any proceeding, arising by reason of the fact that such
person is or was an agent of the corporation. For purposes of this Section
6.1, a “director” or “officer” of the corporation includes any person (a)
who is or was a director or officer of the corporation, (b) who is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director or officer
of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, or (c) who was a director or officer of a corporation which was
a predecessor corporation of the corporation or of another enterprise at
the request of such predecessor corporation.


6.2 Indemnification Of Others.


The corporation shall have the power, to the maximum extent and in the
manner permitted by the General Corporation Law of Delaware, to indemnify
each of its employees and agents (other than directors and officers)
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, settlements
and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with
any proceeding, arising by reason of the fact that such person is or was an
agent of the corporation. For purposes of this Section 6.2, an “employee”
or “agent” of the corporation (other than a director or officer) includes
any person (a) who is or was an employee or agent of the corporation, (b)
who is or was serving at the request of the corporation as an employee or
agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, or (c) who was an employee or agent of a corporation which was
a predecessor corporation of the corporation or of another enterprise at
the request of such predecessor corporation.


6.3 Payment Of Expenses In Advance.


Expenses incurred in defending any action or proceeding for which
indemnification is required pursuant to Section 6.1 or for which
indemnification is permitted pursuant to Section 6.2 following
authorization thereof by the Board of Directors shall be paid by the
corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action or
proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the
indemnified party to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined
by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal
that the indemnified party is not entitled to be indemnified as authorized
in this Article VI.


6.4 Indemnity Not Exclusive.


The indemnification provided by this Article VI shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification may be
entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors or otherwise, both as to action in an official capacity and as to
action in another capacity while holding such office, to the extent that
such additional rights to indemnification are authorized in the certificate
of incorporation.


6.5 Insurance.


The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person
who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or
is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and
incurred by him or her in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her
status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to
indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of the
General Corporation Law of Delaware.


6.6 Conflicts.


No indemnification or advance shall be made under this Article VI, except
where such indemnification or advance is mandated by law or the order,
judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, in any
circumstance where it appears:


(a) That it would be inconsistent with a provision of the certificate of
incorporation, these Bylaws, a resolution of the stockholders or an
agreement in effect at the time of the accrual of the alleged cause of the
action asserted in the proceeding in which the expenses were incurred or
other amounts were paid, which prohibits or otherwise limits
indemnification; or


(b) That it would be inconsistent with any condition expressly imposed by a
court in approving a settlement.



                                 Article VII


                             Records and Reports


7.1 Maintenance And Inspection Of Records.


The corporation shall, either at its principal executive offices or at such
place or places as designated by the Board of Directors, keep a record of
its stockholders listing their names and addresses and the number and class
of shares held by each stockholder, a copy of these Bylaws as amended to
date, accounting books, and other records.


Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall,
upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right
during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the
corporation’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books
and records and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose
shall mean a purpose reasonably related to such person’s interest as a
stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent is the
person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be
accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing that authorizes
the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The
demand under oath shall be directed to the corporation at its registered
office in Delaware or at its principal place of business.


A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of
stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and
showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares
registered in each such stockholder’s name, shall be open to the
examination of any such stockholder for a period of at least ten (10) days
prior to the meeting in the manner provided by law. The stock list shall
also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of
the meeting as provided by law. This list shall presumptively determine the
identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number
of shares held by each of them.


7.2 Inspection By Directors.


Any director shall have the right to examine the corporation’s stock
ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records for a
purpose reasonably related to his or her position as a director. The Court
of Chancery is hereby vested with the exclusive jurisdiction to determine
whether a director is entitled to the inspection sought. The Court may
summarily order the corporation to permit the director to inspect any and
all books and records, the stock ledger, and the stock list and to make
copies or extracts therefrom. The Court may, in its discretion, prescribe
any limitations or conditions with reference to the inspection, or award
such other and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper.



                                Article VIII


                               General Matters


8.1 Checks.


From time to time, the Board of Directors shall determine by resolution
which person or persons may sign or endorse all checks, drafts, other
orders for payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness that
are issued in the name of or payable to the corporation, and only the
persons so authorized shall sign or endorse those instruments.


8.2 Execution Of Corporate Contracts And Instruments.


The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these Bylaws, may
authorize any officer or officers, or agent or agents, to enter into any
contract or execute any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the
corporation; such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances. Unless so authorized or ratified by the Board of Directors or
within the agency power of an officer, no officer, agent or employee shall
have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or
engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it liable for any purpose
or for any amount.


8.3 Stock Certificates; Partly Paid Shares.


The shares of a corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided
that the Board of Directors of the corporation may provide by resolution or
resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock
shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to
shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered
to the corporation. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be
a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has
signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such
certificate is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same
effect as if he or she were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at
the date of issue.


The corporation may issue the whole or any part of its shares as partly
paid and subject to call for the remainder of the consideration to be paid
therefor. Upon the face or back of each stock certificate issued to
represent any such partly paid shares, upon the books and records of the
corporation in the case of uncertificated partly paid shares, the total
amount of the consideration to be paid therefor and the amount paid thereon
shall be stated. Upon the declaration of any dividend on fully paid shares,
the corporation shall declare a dividend upon partly paid shares of the
same class, but only upon the basis of the percentage of the consideration
actually paid thereon.


8.4 Special Designation On Certificates.


If the corporation is authorized to issue more than one class of stock or
more than one series of any class, then the powers, the designations, the
preferences, and the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set
forth in full or summarized on the face or back of the certificate that the
corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock;
provided, however, that, except as otherwise provided in Section 202 of the
General Corporation Law of Delaware, in lieu of the foregoing requirements
there may be set forth on the face or back of the certificate that the
corporation shall issue to represent such class or series of stock a
statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each
stockholder who so requests the powers, the designations, the preferences,
and the relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each
class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.


8.5 Lost Certificates.


Except as provided in this Section 8.5, no new certificates for shares
shall be issued to replace a previously issued certificate unless the
latter is surrendered to the corporation and cancelled at the same time.
The corporation may issue a new certificate of stock or uncertificated
shares in the place of any certificate previously issued by it, alleged to
have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the corporation may require the
owner of the lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or the owner’s legal
representative, to give the corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it
against any claim that may be made against it on account of the
alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance
of such new certificate or uncertificated shares.


8.6 Construction; Definitions.


Unless the context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of
construction, and definitions in the Delaware General Corporation Law shall
govern the construction of these Bylaws. Without limiting the generality of
this provision, the singular number includes the plural, the plural number
includes the singular, and the term “person” includes both a corporation
and a natural person.


8.7 Dividends.


The directors of the corporation, subject to any restrictions contained in
(a) the General Corporation Law of Delaware or (b) the certificate of
incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its capital
stock. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the
corporation’s capital stock.


The directors of the corporation may set apart out of any of the funds of
the corporation available for dividends a reserve or reserves for any
proper purpose and may abolish any such reserve. Such purposes shall
include but not be limited to equalizing dividends, repairing or
maintaining any property of the corporation, and meeting contingencies.


8.8 Fiscal Year.


The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the
Board of Directors and may be changed by the Board of Directors.


8.9 Seal.


The corporation may adopt a corporate seal, which may be altered at
pleasure, and may use the same by causing it or a facsimile thereof, to be
impressed or affixed or in any other manner reproduced.


8.10 Transfer Of Stock.


Upon surrender to the corporation or the transfer agent of the corporation
of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence
of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty
of the corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled
thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in its
books.


8.11 Stock Transfer Agreements.


The corporation shall have power to enter into and perform any agreement
with any number of stockholders of any one or more classes of stock of the
corporation to restrict the transfer of shares of stock of the corporation
of any one or more classes owned by such stockholders in any manner not
prohibited by the General Corporation Law of Delaware.


8.12 Registered Stockholders.


The corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a
person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends
and to vote as such owner, shall be entitled to hold liable for calls and
assessments the person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and
shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest
in such share or shares on the part of another person, whether or not it
shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by
the laws of Delaware.


8.13 Facsimile Signature.


In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere
specifically authorized in these Bylaws, facsimile signatures of any
officer or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as
authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.



                                 Article IX


                                 Amendments


The Bylaws of the corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by the
stockholders entitled to vote; provided, however, that the corporation may,
in its certificate of incorporation, confer the power to adopt, amend or
repeal Bylaws upon the directors. The fact that such power has been so
conferred upon the directors shall not divest the stockholders of
the power, nor limit their power to adopt, amend or repeal Bylaws.



                      Certificate Of Adoption Of Bylaws


                                     Of


                              [[COMPANY NAME]]



                          Adoption By Incorporator


The undersigned person appointed in the certificate of incorporation to act
as the Incorporator of [Company Name], a Delaware corporation, hereby
adopts the foregoing bylaws as the Bylaws of the corporation.


Executed on [DATE].


                                                 [[INCORPORATOR SIGNATURE]] 
                                         [[INCORPORATOR NAME]], Incorporator



            Certificate By Secretary Of Adoption By Incorporator


The undersigned hereby certifies that the undersigned is the duly elected,
qualified, and acting Secretary of [Company Name], a Delaware corporation,
and that the foregoing Bylaws were adopted as the Bylaws of the corporation
on [DATE], by the person appointed in the certificate of incorporation to
act as the Incorporator of the corporation.


Executed on [SECRETARY SIGNED DATE].


                                                    [[SECRETARY SIGNATURE]] 
                                                    [[OFFICER 3]], Secretary

