
This template for a Benefit Corporation is for informational  purposes  only
and does not  constitute  advertising,  a  solicitation,  or  legal  advice.
Review of or use of this  template  does  not  constitute  formation  of  an
attorney-client relationship. COMAR LAW disclaims all liability with  regard
to use of this template. Readers of this template should not rely upon  this
document without seeking legal  advice  from  a  licensed  attorney  in  the
reader’s state.


                          ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION


                                     OF


                          [[NAME OF COMPANY]], INC.


                      a California Benefit Corporation


1. NAME. The name of this benefit corporation is [[NAME OF COMPANY]] (the
“Benefit Corporation”).


2. BENEFIT CORPORATION STATUS. This corporation is a benefit corporation.
This benefit corporation is organized under California Corporations Code §§
14600-14631.


3. PURPOSE. The purpose of this Benefit Corporation is to engage in any
lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the
General Corporation Law of California other than the banking business, the
trust company business, or the practice of a profession permitted to be
incorporated by the California Corporations Code. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the purpose of this Benefit Corporation shall be to create a
general public benefit including, but not limited to, the specific public
benefit of [[INSERT SPECIFIC BENEFIT PURPOSE]]. The general and specific
public benefits created by this Benefit Corporation shall be deemed to be
in the best interests of the Benefit Corporation.


4. INITIAL BUSINESS ADDRESS.The initial business address in California of
this Benefit Corporation is:


[[ADDRESS]]
[[CITY, STATE, ZIP]]


5. AGENT FOR SERVICE OF PROCESS. The name and complete business address in
California of this Benefit Corporation’s initial agent for service of
process are:


[[NAME]]
[[ADDRESS]]
[[CITY, STATE, ZIP]]


6. SOLE INCORPORATOR. The name of the sole incorporator of this Benefit
Corporation is [[NAME OF SOLE INCORPORATOR]].


7. DURATION. The period of this Benefit Corporation’s duration shall
commence upon the date that these Articles of Incorporation (“Articles”)
are filed with the Secretary of State and shall continue in perpetuity.


8. SHARE STRUCTURE. This Benefit Corporation is authorized to issue one
class of shares, to be designated “Common” shares. The total number of such
shares authorized to be issued is [[# OF SHARES]]shares.


9. DIRECTOR LIABILITY; INDEMNITY OF AGENTS. The liability of the directors
of this Benefit Corporation for monetary damages shall be eliminated to the
fullest extent permissible under California law.


This Benefit Corporation is authorized to provide indemnification of agents
(as defined in Section 317 of the General Corporation Law of the State of
California) for breach of duty to the Corporation and its shareholders
through by-law provisions or through agreements with agents, or both, in
excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by section 317 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of California, subject to the limits
on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of the General
Corporation Law of the State of California. Any repeal or modification of
the provisions of this Article 9 shall not adversely affect any rights or
protections to which the corporation’s directors, officers or agents were
entitled prior to such repeal or modification.


10. REPEAL OF ARTICLES. The Benefit Corporation reserves the right to amend
or repeal these Articles of Incorporation in the manner now or hereafter
prescribed by statute and these Articles of Incorporation, and all rights
conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.
Whenever any vote of the holders of capital stock of the corporation is
required to amend or repeal any provision of these Articles of
Incorporation, and in addition to any other vote of holders of capital
stock that is required by these Articles of Incorporation or by law, such
amendment or repeal shall require the affirmative vote of the majority of
the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment
or repeal, and the affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding
shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, at a duly
constituted meeting of stockholders called expressly for such purpose.


           The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being the sole incorporator
hereinbefore named, has executed, signed, and acknowledged these Articles
of Incorporation this _________ day of _______________________________,
20__.


_____________________________


[[NAME OF SOLE INCORPORATOR]]


Incorporator

