

The Chicago Design Museum (ChiDM) space will be provided by ChiDM
(hereafter Lessor), as-is, to Renter (hereafter Renter) for an event to be
held on [EVENT DATE] from 6-9pm.


CONDITION
Renter agrees to leave the Space in the same condition as originally
received from Lessor.


PAYMENT
Renter agrees to pay Lessor a Security Deposit in the amount of $[SECURITY
DEPOSIT], that is 20% of the total Rental Rate of $[RENTAL RATE]. The
Payment Schedule is as follows: the security deposit of $[SECURITY DEPOSIT]
is due upon receipt of the Rental Agreement, and the remaining Rental Rate
balance of $[RATE - SECURITY DEPOSIT =] is due within 48 hours of [EVENT
DATE].


Renter acknowledges that their requested event date is [EVENT DATE] and
Event will not be held until the signed Rental Agreement and Certificate(s)
of Insurance have been received by Lessor, regardless of circumstance.


HOLD
Event date and time will be reserved for Renter upon receipt of both the
Security Deposit and the signed contract.


DAMAGES
Beyond ordinary wear and tear, Renter shall be responsible for any damage
to the Space or Lessor's property caused by their use of the Space. Renter
will arrange for the repair of any such damage. In the event that Renter
does not make any necessary repairs, Lessor will arrange for the same at
Renter expense.


FOOD AND DRINK
If food and drink is to be provided by Renter, all food must be pre-
packaged. Beverages must be in single-serving containers. If any alcoholic
beverages are to be served, Renter is responsible for securing a licensed
and insured bartender and any associated costs. Renter assumes full
responsibility for guests’ consumption of alcohol and hereby indemnifies
and holds harmless Lessor, its employees, officers, directors and agents
from any damages, actions, suits, claims, or other costs (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or in connection with any damage
to any property or any injury caused to any person (including death)
relating to the sale or service of alcohol at the Event, including any acts
or omissions on the part of Renter, its employees, officers, directors,
independent contractors, or other agents. Renter agrees to indemnify and
hold harmless the Lessor’s landlord for any damages arising out of the sale
and service of alcohol at the Event.


CLEANUP
Renter will be responsible for clearing all trash generated at the Event
and depositing it in the proper waste receptacles on site. Renter will also
be responsible for coordinating and executing all rental returns/pickups
within 24 hours of the end of the planned Event time unless otherwise
agreed upon by ChiDM. Failure to do so will incur a $250 fee.


UNSCHEDULED OVERTIME
To ensure that Lessor is in compliance with Block 37’s building hours, the
space must be vacated by guests at 9pm. Renter and organizers may allot 1
subsequent hour to restore ChiDM to same or similar conditions and arrange
for pickups. Renter agrees to compensate for any unscheduled overtime,
outside of prior written arrangements made with Renter, with fees outlined
as follows: $200 at 15–30 minutes over 10pm, on [EVENT DATE], and $100 per
additional 10 minutes.


RIGHT OF ENTRY
Representative(s) from Lessor will be on-site during said Event and shall
have the right to enter the Space at any time during the scheduled Event
hours.


INSURANCE
Renter must present all required liability insurance documents, both for
Renter and any vendors using the Block 37 loading dock, to Lessor a minimum
of two weeks before the date of the event. Renter liability insurance must
be for at least $1 million.


INDEMNIFICATION
Renter hereby indemnifies and holds harmless Lessor from any damages,
actions, suits, claims or other costs (including reasonable attorneys’
fees) arising out of, or in connection with, any damage to any Lessor or
Artistic property, or any injury caused to any person (including death)
caused by Renter’s use of the Space, including any acts or omissions on the
part of Renter, its employees, officers, directors, independent
contractors, or other agents. Renter shall notify Lessor of any damage or
injury of which it has knowledge in, to, or near the Space, regardless of
the cause of such damage or injury.


REVOCATION
Lessor shall have the right to revoke the License at any time prior to
[EVENT DATE], provided it gives Renter prior written notice of revocation.
In the event that Lessor revokes the License prior to [EVENT DATE], for
reasons other than nonpayment of fees or breach of the Agreement by Renter,
Lessor shall refund to Renter the full amount paid by Renter in connection
with this Agreement, including the entire deposit.


CANCELLATION
Renter may cancel the Event by notifying Lessor by providing notice ten
(10) days or more before [EVENT DATE]. In such an event, Lessor shall
refund the full amount of the rental fee. If the Event is cancelled within
ten (10) days of [EVENT DATE], Lessor shall have the right to retain the
full deposit.


ASSIGNMENT
Neither party may assign or transfer their respective rights or obligations
under this Agreement without prior written consent from the other party.


GOVERNING LAW
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with, and governed in all
respects by, the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to conflicts
of law principles. In witness thereof, the parties have caused this
Agreement to be executed the day and year first above written.


Signed [TODAY'S DATE] by [[RENTER REPRESENTATIVE]]


[RENTER]
[RENTER ADDRESS]


Signed [TODAY'S DATE] by Lauren Boegen


Chicago Design Museum
108 North State Street, Floor 3, Chicago, IL 60602

