
This agreement for cleaning services between _________________________
("Client") and ____________________________ (“Provider”) is made and
entered into upon the following date: ______/______/______.


Client’s property located at
_____________________________________________________, (“Property”) will be
cleaned by PROVIDER in accordance with the following terms.


   1. 1. SCOPE OF SERVICE


PROVIDER will provide to Client the following cleaning services:


Cleaning service includes:


2. TERM


PROVIDER will begin cleaning services on ____/____/____. PROVIDER will
provide cleaning services every ________ week(s), for duration of
_____________ month(s). This Contract shall terminate on ____/____/____.


   1. 3. PAYMENT


Payment in the amount of $___________ shall be made to PROVIDER
(Weekly/Biweekly/Monthly). Payment is due on the day of each scheduled
service, before cleaning can begin/after cleaning is completed. Acceptable
methods of payment are cash, check, or credit card.


   1. 4. PRODUCTS


PROVIDER will use its own products and supplies. Should Client require the
use of special or hypoallergenic products, Client must notify PROVIDER
before cleaning begins. Client may provide the product. If Client requires
PROVIDER to use specialized products an additional fee may be assessed.


   1. 5. RENEWAL


This Contract shall automatically renew under the terms specified herein
for a period equal to the initial period on the expiration of the current
term unless either party notifies the other in writing at least fourteen
(14) days prior to the expiration of the current term that this Contract
shall not be renewed.


   1. 6. ACCESS REQUIREMENT


Client will provide PROVIDER access to the Property, and to all areas of
the Property scheduled to be cleaned as noted under Scope of Service, at
the scheduled upon time. Failure to do so allows PROVIDER to treat the
failure as a material breach and cancel the contract or to seek legal
remedies.


   1. 7. CANCELATION POLICY


In the event Client needs to cancel a scheduled cleaning appointment twenty-
four (24) hour notice is required. Notice may be given via phone or email.
Should Client fail to give twenty-four (24) hour notice on more than one
occasion, Client must pay 30% of the fee for the canceled cleaning.


Canceling more than three (3) consecutive cleanings, or more than 7 total
scheduled cleanings, without prior approval of PROVIDER, will be deemed a
material breach and allow PROVIDER to cancel the contract or to seek legal
remedies.


In the event PROVIDER needs to cancel a scheduled cleaning appointment
twenty-four (24) hour notice will be given to Client. If PROVIDER fails to
give twenty-four (24) hour notice, Client will receive one (1) free
cleaning.


   1. 8. TERMINATION OF CONTRACT


Either party may terminate this contract at any time by supplying a written
notice of termination on a specified date to the other party, with at least
thirty (30) days prior to the stated date of termination. Should Client
terminate this contract prior to the expiration of the term, Client will
forfeit any discount received. The difference between the regular price and
the discounted price shall be due at the next scheduled cleaning.


   1. 9. APPLICABLE LAW AND VENUE


The terms of this agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of
_____________. The state and federal courts located in _________ County,
___________ will have exclusive jurisdiction over any case or controversy
arising from or relating to this agreement, PROVIDER or any services
provided by PROVIDER. Each Client consents irrevocably to personal
jurisdiction in such courts with the respect to any matters and waives any
defense of forum non conveniens.


   1. 10. ASSIGNEMENT


10.The rights and obligations created for Client under this agreement may
not be assigned to any other party.


   1. 11. INDEMNIFICATION


Each party agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the other party and its
employees, members, land-lord, successors, and assigns, from any claims,
liabilities, losses, damages, and expenses asserted against the other party
and arising out of the indemnifying party’s negligence, willful misconduct,
and negligent performance of, or failure to perform, any of its duties or
obligations under this Agreement. The provisions of this indemnification
are solely for the benefit of the parties hereto and not intended to create
or grant any rights, contractual or otherwise, to another person or entity.


   1. 12. FORCE MAJEURE


12.PROVIDER and any of its employees or agents shall not be deemed to be in
breach of this agreement for any delay or failure in performance caused by
reasons out of its reasonable control, including acts of God or a public
enemy; natural calamities; failure of a third party to perform; changes in
the laws or regulations; actions of any civil, military or regulatory
authority; power outage or other disruptions of communication methods or
any other cause which would be out of the reasonable control of PROVIDER.


   1. 13. SEVERANCE


13.In the event that one or more of the provisions of this agreement shall
be found unenforceable, illegal or invalid, it shall not affect any other
provisions of this agreement, and this agreement shall be construed as if
the provision found to be unenforceable, illegal or invalid had never been
contained in the agreement, or the unenforceable, illegal or invalid
provision shall be construed, amended and/or reformed to be made
enforceable, legal and valid.


   1. 14. WAIVER OF CONTRACTUAL RIGHT


The failure of either party to enforce any provision of this Contract shall
not be construed as a waiver or limitation of that party's right to
subsequently enforce and compel strict compliance with every provision of
this Contract.


   1. 15. ENTIRE AGREEMENT


This Contract contains the entire agreement of the parties, and there are
no other promises or conditions in any other agreement whether oral or
written concerning the subject matter of this Contract. This Contract
supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between the parties.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Contract to be
executed by


their duly authorized representatives as of the date first above written.


Client:


___________________________


_________________


Date


Provider


___________________________


________________


Date

