
                  CloverKing Production Agreement Contract


Event Date: [EVENT DATE]


Event Time: [EVENT TIME]


This agreement is between Cameron Curry, hereinafter referred to as the
"Photographer",


operating in the State of Virginia, and the signers' [CLIENT NAME] of this
{[TYPE OF PHOTOSHOOTENTER THE TYPE OF PHOTOSHOOT]} photography agreement,


hereinafter referred to as the "Clients", collectively referred to as the
"Parties", with the photography session detailed below.


The photography packages, price listings and other documents attached to
this contract are integral parts of this document. The contract terms,
agreement, and price list are the only legally binding documents between
the Parties.


Contracting CLIENT’S Information:


Client or Representative Name: [FULL NAME]


Client Email: [EMAIL]


Phone Number: [PHONE NUMBER]


Contracting Photographer Information:


Name: Cameron S. Curry


Contact Information: (318)-771- 4992


Email: cloverkingproduction@gmail.com


Event Information


[VENUE NAME]


[ADDRESS]


[CITY/STATE/ZIPCODE]


Agreement Overview


This agreement contains the entire understanding between the Photographer
and the Client. It supersedes all prior and simultaneous agreements between
the Parties. The only way to add and/or change this agreement is to do so
in writing and signed by all the Parties.


If the Parties want to waive one provision of this agreement that does not
mean that any other provision is also waived. The Party against whom a
waiver is sought to be effective must have signed a waiver in writing.


Coverage


Coverage will begin at [DATE AND TIME OF EVENT], and continue for the
[NUMBER OF HOURS FOR EVENT] purchased, Contiguously.


Change of Date or Venue


The Photographer must be notified immediately of any changes in schedule or
location, at least 3 days prior to the scheduled date of an event.
Notification of any changes can be made by phone along with written notice
sent via email for documentation. If an email is sent, a confirmation of
receipt must be sent back by the Photographer in writing or via email.


It is the client’s responsibility to confirm all arrangements at least 3
days prior to the event. In the event of the change of address or contact
information (time, etc.) as listed, you must notify the Photographer.


Client’s should contact Photographer 24 hours prior to the date of the
event in order to touch base and go over last minute details. The
Photographer will make every effort to contact the Client, but it is the
Client’s responsibility to contact the Photographer to confirm all events
and times.


Retainer


A retainer fee of 50% is required for all photography/ videography
sessions. This is a non-refundable retainer fee, which includes 50% of the
hourly rate ONLY (not including the fee for editing or prints). In the
event of cancellation, the retainer paid is non-refundable.


It shall be liquidated for damages to the Photographer in the event of a
cancellation, and/or breach of contract by the Client. No date is reserved
until a retainer is received.


The retainer shall be applied towards the total cost of the service to be
rendered. The balance of the complete package price must be paid before or
on the day of an event. If final payment is not received, the Photographer
will not be expected to attend said event. Fees may be taken in cash, check
or PayPal.


Additional custom orders (reprints, enlargements, albums) must be paid in
full at the time of order.


Cancellation


There shall be no refund of the retainer after the signing of the Agreement
and the reservation of the photography date. If the event is canceled
within 3 days of the date, the client shall pay the balance of the contract
due to the high probability that the Photographer will not be able to
further book that date.


Once a balance is paid, it is non-refundable. Any other arrangements shall
be discussed


between the Clients and the Photographer. All arrangements will be placed
in writing. Cancellation must be in writing even if a phone call was made
to inform the Photographer of the cancellation.


Copyright


Title (possession) of and copyright to all products shall remain with the
Photographer until the client has paid in full. All photos are copyrighted.
The negatives and or digital images (hereinafter collectively the “images”)
created by the Photographer and/or subcontractor(s) remain the property of
the Photographer.


It is illegal to copy, scan, reproduce, or post online in forums or
elsewhere


without the written permission of the Photographer. Violators of this
federal law will be subject to its civil and criminal penalties. Permission
is hereby granted to the Photographer to use any images created under this
contract for professional samples, displays, internet website pages,
advertising, exhibitions, contests, and any other purpose.


The Photographer retains the copyright to all images produced by the
Photographer and/or the Photographer's subcontractors. If purchasing Hi-
Resolution images on CD/DVD, Clients will be given a written release to
make personal copies of images from CDs or DVDs. The client


understands the images given on CD/DVD cannot be used for profit or
advertising and all posting of images on the internet must be acknowledged
as images by the Photographer.


Creative License


Images are edited at the Photographer’s discretion unless exceptions are
made in writing between the Parties.


Force Majeure


If the Photographer or its assigns cannot perform this Agreement due to a
fire, casualty, strike or other civil disturbances, Acts of God, including
but not limited to, road closures, severe traffic, fire, terrorism or other
causes beyond the control of the parties, then the Photographer shall
return any amounts of money paid by the Client, less retainer fee and
expenses, but shall have no further liability with respect to the
Agreement.


This limitation of liability shall also apply in the event that
photographic materials are damaged, lost through camera malfunction,
compact flash card malfunction, or otherwise lost or damaged without the
fault on the part of the Photographer. The limit of liability for a partial
loss of originals shall be a prorated amount of the exposures lost based on
the percentage of a total number of originals.


Returned Checks


Returned checks are subject to a $50.00 returned check fee. Client assumes
responsibility for any and all collection costs and legal fees incurred by
the Photographer in the event that enforcement of this contract becomes
necessary. All legal action shall be taken appropriately.


Pricing Clause


Final Photography products will be available for print and customization on
CloverKingProduction.com. Prints are waged separately from hourly rate and
any other fees. The client has the choice to print or digitally download
photos from CloverKingProduction.smugmug.com. Pricing in this contract
includes Time photographing, Editing time, Travel and additional expenses
to complete photo sessions


Client’s Cost of Event Photography and/or Videography


Please make all checks payable to Cameron Curry


Print Package (if applicable): [BRONZE, SILVER, GOLD, PLATINUM]


Type of Photoshoot: [FAMILY, WEDDING, EVENT, SOLO]


Final balance due: [TOTAL]


(This total does not include printing option and is due before or on the
date of the event. No photography will be fulfilled without payment in
full.)


This is a contract for personal photography services to be provided by the
Photographer and/or individuals subcontracted to do work for the
Photographer. The Parties agree to the above and below terms and
conditions, and acknowledge that they have received, read, and understand
the Photographer’s objective and binding agreement.


Photographer(s)


#1 Photographer: Cameron Curry


Photographer Contact Information: cloverkingproduction@gmail.com/318-771-
4992


    “THANK YOU FOR YOUR BUSINESS AND PERMITTING CLOVERKING PRODUCTIONS TO
                       CAPTURE YOUR MEMORABLE MOMENTS”

