
CO-MARKETING AGREEMENT


THIS MARKETING AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated [THIS 4TH DAY OF
NOVEMBER, 1999] (the "Effective Date"), is by and between priceline.com
Incorporated, a Delaware corporation ("priceline"), and Net2Phone, Inc., a
Delaware corporation ("Carrier").


RECITALS


WHEREAS, priceline is in the business of providing airline tickets and
other consumer products and services to consumers primarily through the
Internet;


WHEREAS, Carrier is in the business of providing Internet protocol
telephone services; and


WHEREAS, priceline and Carrier desire to enter into a co-marketing
arrangement.


NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:


ARTICLE I


PROMOTIONS


1.1 Description of Promotion. The promotion (the "Best Efforts Card
Promotion") will be operated by priceline commencing on or before [****]
and expiring on [****]. The Best Efforts Card Promotion will be offered to
selected customers of priceline who have made a reasonable offer for an
airline ticket through priceline's demand collection service for airline
tickets but have failed to have their offer accepted. Under the Best
Efforts Card Promotion, Priceline will contact selected customers and
provide them the ability to improve their chances of having their offer
accepted if they agree to increase their offer price by a dollar amount
determined by Priceline and agree to apply for a free [****]Carrier calling
card account. Priceline will disclose that such accounts will be
automatically renewed when the balance drops below [****] and charged by
Carrier to the customer's credit card unless deactivated by customer.
Within 72 hours following each customer's electing to participate in the
Best Efforts Card Promotion, Carrier shall provide an activated [****]
calling card account number. Each calling card account will be provided by
Carrier free of charge to the customer and/or Priceline.


1.2 Compensation. [****] The [****] shall be payable immediately upon the
execution of this Agreement. [****] shall be payable within 15 days
following priceline's delivery of the invoice thereof.


1.3 Priceline shall deliver [****] activated new calling card accounts
during the Term. Upon activation such Priceline customers also become
customers of Carrier. In the event Priceline fails to deliver the [****]
activated new calling card accounts during the Term, Priceline agrees to
continue the Promotion until said level is achieved.


ARTICLE II


RECORDS AND REPORTS


2.1 Records. Each party shall maintain accurate records with respect to
whether the participating customers are completing their obligations under
the applicable promotion including, without limitation, maintaining records
necessary for the parties to verify the amount of compensation to be paid
to priceline under this Agreement. The parties shall cooperate to prepare
and provide to each other such other records and reports that either party
may reasonably request. All such records shall be open for inspection and
audit by representatives and agents of the parties during normal business
hours.


ARTICLE III


PRIVACY POLICY


Carrier agrees that under no circumstances will it use, disclose or
disseminate any customer identifying information collected in the
application process of the Best Efforts Card Promotion in violation of
current and/or further consumer privacy legislation or priceline's privacy
policy in effect from time to time. In addition, Carrier acknowledges and
agrees that without Carrier first obtaining the prior written consent of a
subject customer (i) Carrier will not sell, transfer, share or otherwise
disclosed to any third party any individual customer's information obtained
by, or provided to, Carrier in connection with this Agreement, including,
without limitation, any customer's name, mailing address, e-mail address or
telephone number or credit card information.


ARTICLE IV


TERM; TERMINATION


4.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall commence on the
Effective Date and shall terminate on [****].


ARTICLE V


INDEMNIFICATION


5.1 Indemnity. Each party shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the
other and its affiliates, officers, agents, and employees, from all claims,
suits, actions, demands, damages, liabilities, expenses (including
reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel), judgments, settlements and
penalties of every kind to the extent resulting from, arising out of, or
incurred in connection with (a) any breach by such party of any
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or other obligation contained
herein; and/or (b) the negligent, intentionally wrongful or illegal acts or
omissions of such party, its employees, agents, subcontractors or other
representatives and/or (c) violations of any federal, state, local and/or
international laws, rules and/or regulations to which such party is
subject.


5.2 Indemnification Procedures. The Indemnified Party shall notify the
Indemnifying Party in writing of any suits, claims or demands covered by
this indemnity promptly after becoming aware of such suits, claims or
demands. Promptly after receipt of such notice, the Indemnifying Party
shall assume the defense of such claim with counsel reasonably satisfactory
to the Indemnified Party. If the Indemnifying Party fails, within a
reasonable time after receiptof such notice, to assume the defense with
counsel reasonably satisfactory to the Indemnified Party, or if, in the
reasonable judgment of the Indemnified Party, a direct or indirect conflict
of interest exists between the parties with respect to the claim, or if in
the sole judgment of the Indemnified Party the assumption and conduct of
the defense by the Indemnified Party would materially and adversely affect
the Indemnified Party in any manner or prejudice its ability to conduct a
successful defense, then the Indemnified Party shall have the right to
undertake the defense, compromise and settlement of such claim for the
account and at the expense of the Indemnifying Party. Notwithstanding the
above, if the Indemnified Party in its sole discretion so elects, the
Indemnified Party may also participate in the defense of such actions by
employing counsel at its expense, without waiving the Indemnified Party's
obligations to indemnify or defend. The Indemnifying Party shall not settle
or compromise any claim or consent to the entry of any judgment without the
prior written consent of the Indemnified Party and without an unconditional
release of all liability by each claimant or plaintiff to the Indemnified
Party.


5.3 Limitations of Liability. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, PROSPECTIVE BUSINESS, DATA, OR
USE, INCURRED BY EITHER PARTY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT OR TORT,
EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY OTHER PERSON HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


5.4 The provisions of this Article V shall survive any termination of this
Agreement.


ARTICLE VI


MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS


6.1 Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to
or shall be construed to constitute or establish an agency, joint venture,
partnership or fiduciary relationship between the parties, and neither
party shall have the right or authority to act for or on behalf of the
other party.


6.2 Waiver; Modification. No provision of this Agreement may be modified,
waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is
agreed to in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of each
of the parties hereto. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any
breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or
provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party shall be
deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the
same or at any prior or subsequent time.


6.3 Invalidity. If any provision of this Agreement shall be determined by
any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid to any
extent, the remainder of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby, and
this Agreement shall be construed to the fullest extent possible so as to
give effect to the intentions of the provision found unenforceable or
invalid.


6.4 Notices. All notices and other communications provided for hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be delivered to each party hereto at the
address set forth on the signature page hereto. Such notices shall be
deemed to be effective five (2) business days after the same shall be
deposited, postage prepaid, in the mail.


6.5 Governing Law. The validity, interpretation, construction and
performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of
New York without regard to its conflicts of law principles.


6.6 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original but all of which together will
constitute one and the same instrument.


6.7 Headings. All headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not in any way effect the meaning or interpretation
of any provision or provisions of this Agreement.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have duly executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.


PRICELINE.COM INCORPORATED


By: /s/ Daniel H. Schulman


Name: Daniel H. Schulman


Title: President and Chief Operating Officer


Address Notices to: Five High Ridge Park Stamford, CT 06905 Attn: General
Counsel


NET2PHONE, INC.


By: /s/ Howard Balter


Name: Howard Balter


Title: Chief Executive Officer


Address Notices to: 171 Main Street Hackensack, NJ 07601 Attn: Scott Sobel,
Director Business Development Cc: General Counsel

