
This Coaching Agreement between Joan Gelfand (The Coach) and (The Client)
will begin on (the start date) and will continue as long as both parties
consent. The fee is $125 per hour.


COACHING SERVICES: The Coach will review the Client's literary work, and
discuss and assess the Client's literary goals. Working with the Client,
the Coach will create an appropriate plan for achieving the goals. Once the
plan is created and agreed upon, the Client will take necessary steps to
implement the plan. The Coach and Client will meet periodically to review
progress. In addition, the Coach will make appropriate introductions on
behalf of the Client.


RESPONSIBILITIES: The Coach will make reasonable efforts to ensure the
Client's success. The Client understands the Coach cannot guarantee the
Client's success. The Client also understands that it is his/her
responsibility to perform take the actions agreed upon.


CONFIDENTIALITY: The coach promises the client that all information
provided to the coach will be kept strictly confidential as allowed by law,
except where agreed upon by both parties. No personal information shall be
released without the clientâ€™s written consent. Conflicts of interest will
be disclosed where applicable, should any additional products or services
be recommended.


TERM: The Coaching Agreement will begin on the Start Date, and continue
indefinitely as long as the Coach and Client agree. If either party wishes
to terminate the Agreement, s/he will notify the other party via email.


FEES: The fee for coaching services is $125/hr. Hours billed will include
time spent in meetings, as well as preparation. The Coach will invoice the
Client for services rendered. Payments will be made within 30 days of the
invoice date.


GRIEVANCES: The Client agree that, in the event of any claim or grievance
by the Coach, the sole remedy will be the return of the fees paid to the
Coach. The Coach is not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental or
consequential damages beyond the total amount of fees paid by the Client.


Our signatures on this agreement indicate a full understanding of and
agreement with the information outlined above.


Client Signature ________________________________ Date ________________


Coach Signature ________________________________ Date ________________

