
This is a non-binding, draft term sheet, for discussion purposes only. It
is intended to be used as an attachment to a pre-incorporation Founders'
Agreement.


The Company


Delaware corporation


Equity Grants


Restricted common stock grants in following proportion:


%[[__]] to [[FOUNDER ONE]]


%[[__]] to [[FOUNDER TWO]]


%[[__]] to [[FOUNDER N]]


The above percentages will be diluted equally by the admission of any other
founder pre-incorporation. If the founders are eligible to participate in
any company equity compensation program, they will do so according to the
same proportion, and under substantially the same terms as apply to the
initial grants (subject to board approval and other necessary tax and legal
considerations related to the specific form of equity comp).


Scheduled Vesting


[[4]] years with [[1]]year cliff


[[QUARTERLY]] vesting after cliff


[__]% of each founder’s initial grant will be vested on the grant date


Accelerated Vesting


100% of each founder's initial grant will vest automatically upon [change
of control] [if the founder is terminated or demoted afterward].


100% of each founder's initial grant will vest automatically if the company
files for an initial public offering.


Board and Management


Max of 5 directors


Initial directors will be [[_____]].


Chair elected by majority of directors, and initially will be [[____]].


Advisory board serving in unofficial capacity may be appointed, but has no
formal role.


Officer positions include President, Secretary, and Treasurer.


Preemptive Rights; Drag-Along


[Participation in sales by cofounders]


[Right of first refusal on sale by cofounders]


[Absolute restriction on transfer unless unanimously approved by
cofounders]


[If a majority in interest of stockholders approves a sale of the company,
then the majority may compel the minority stockholders to participate on
the same terms, without any right to seek an appraisal of their shares.]


Limits on Rights of Other Stockholders


Stockholder management, preemptive, and consent rights do not inure to the
benefit of transferees who are:


    • non-permitted transferees as defined in stockholder agrt
    • [heirs]
    • [former spouses]


Stockholder Rights / Approvals


The following decisions require [majority] [ ? ] [unanimous] stockholder
approval:


    • equity issuance / capital raise in any amount
    • incurring debt over a minimum amount
    • sale of equity by cofounder
    • sale of the company / substantially all assets
    • outbound license of core IP
    • change-of-control
    • voluntary bankruptcy
    • change to number of directors
    • conflicted transactions


[Unanimous] consent required to amend stockholders’ agreement[; except that
an amendment may be approved by the [unanimous] consent of such class or
classes of stockholders as are affected by such amendment, without
obtaining the approval of stockholders who are not affected by it].


Employment Terms


The founders' employment will be at-will, subject to any negotiated
contractual and employment policy limitations


Copyright, trademark, and invention assignment self-executing for IP within
scope of business, with carefully-defined exclusions.


Initial salaries and benefits will be set by the Board of Directors.


Confidentiality agreement to preserve trade secret protections.


[Non-compete, non-solicitation of clients and employees]


    • geographical scope of non-compete limited to [New York tri-state area]
      [North America] [the World];


[Non-compete expires [1] year post-termination]


Termination may be for “cause” or without cause. Resignation may be without
“good reason” or with good reason.


Unvested stock canceled without payment upon termination or resignation for
any reason.


[Company right to repurchase vested stock at “fair market value” if
cofounder terminated or resigns [prior to [2nd] anniversary] of
cofounding.]


[Company right to repurchase vested stock at cost if cofounder terminated
for cause or resigns without good reason.]


Governing Law


New York


Dispute Resolution


[New York State and Federal Courts located in Manhattan.]


[Arbitration by a single arbitrator in NYC under AAA rules.]


[Mandatory mediation, or early neutral evaluation under AAA rules, prior to
bringing suit / arbitration.]

