
[ENTER THE NAME OF COLLECTION AGENCY], referred to as AGENCY and [ENTER THE
NAME OF THE CLIENT], referred to as CLIENT, agree:


AGENCY represents that it is properly licensed, bonded, with a capable and
trained (if required) staff of collectors, and can effect reasonable and
lawful effects to collect accounts receivable of CLIENT.


CLIENT shall provide to AGENCY, from time to time, accounts receivable to
collect. CLIENT represents that any accounts which it turns over to AGENCY
are legally due and owed. CLIENT shall provide upon request to AGENCY
source documentation for any and all accounts due, and, verification of any
balance due.


AGENCY shall at all times conduct collection activity on behalf of CLIENT
in compliance with all lawful regulations and laws and shall hold CLIENT
harmless from any claims related to unlawful collection activity. A
periodic report of the status of all collections shall be provided to
CLIENT by AGENCY at least every [REPORTS SHALL BE PROVIDED ON COLLECTION
ACTIVITY].


AGENCY shall receive a fee of [ENTER AGENCY FEE IN PERCENT] percent from
all sums collected on behalf of CLIENT. AGENCY may deduct from sums
collected its fee; however, all sums which are due to the CLIENT shall be
held in a separate trust account. In the event that a debtor returns
merchandise, the value for the purposes of the agreement shall be the net
sales price received for the same, or if the merchandise is accepted by
CLIENT, 1/2 its wholesale value.


CLIENT shall be entitled to, either itself or through designated agents,
auditors and accountants, conduct audits of the books and records of AGENCY
to verify accountings.


CLIENT shall be entitled to withdraw accounts once assigned from AGENCY,
however, if any collections are made as related to such accounts shall be
reported to AGENCY, and the AGENCY fee paid.


AGENCY shall be responsible for all expenses related to its collection
efforts, other than court costs and attorneys' fees, if suit is authorized,
and expenditure is approved for court costs and attorney's fees. Any suit
fees or court costs shall be approved in writing prior to their
expenditure.


[DATE]


____________________________________________________


[ENTER THE NAME OF COLLECTION AGENCY]


____________________________________________________


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE CLIENT]

