
                           COLLABORATION AGREEMENT


      Contemplating a Writer and Artist Development of a Graphic Novel


   THIS AGREEMENT, made on [[INSERT DATE]] , between [[NAME]], residing at
  [[FULL ADDRESS]] (hereinafter "WRITER"), and [[NAME]], residing at [[FULL
 ADDRESS]](hereinafter "ARTIST"), with respect to the production of graphic
 novel tentatively entitled[[TITLE]](hereinafter the "WORK"), to be drawn by
                     ARTIST and to be written by WRITER.


In consideration of the mutual promises contained herein, and for other
good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged,
the par-ties agree as follows:


1. The copyright in the WORK shall be jointly registered and held in the
names of both WRITER and ARTIST.


2. Credits in the WORK shall read: "Written by WRITER; Drawn by ARTIST,"
unless specified otherwise in advance by both parties, the names shall be
written on all credits by last name in alphabetical order.


3. Royalties from the publication of the WORK and from the disposition of
any subsidiary rights therein (including but not limited to films,
television and merchandising) shall be divided as follows: WRITER: 50%;
ARTIST: 50%; unless specified otherwise in advance by mutual agreement
between the parties. Rates paid by publishers upon delivery of the WORK
shall be excluded from this provision and shall be negotiated separately by
WRITER and ARTIST on their own behalf and paid directly to the applicable
party.


4. All original art created by ARTIST for the WORK, and the proceeds from
the sale of such original art, shall remain the sole property of ARTIST.
All scripts created by WRITER for the WORK, and the proceeds from the sale
of such scripts, shall remain the sole property of WRITER.


5. No agreement for the publication of the WORK or for the disposition of
any of the subsidiary rights therein shall be valid without the signature
of both WRITER and ARTIST. However, either party may grant a written power
of attorney to the other setting forth the specific conditions under which
the power may be exercised.


6. All agreements for publication and disposition of any subsidiary rights
in the WORK shall provide that each party's share shall be paid directly to
him. If the parties by mutual agreement select an agent to handle the
disposition of subsidiary rights in the WORK, and if the agent is
authorized to make collection for the parties' account, such agent shall
remit each party's one-half share direct to him. Such agent's commission
will be split according to the same percentages as specified in paragraph 3
above. If the parties by mutual agreement select an attorney to handle the
disposition of subsidiary rights in the WORK, such attorney's fees will be
split according to the same percentages as specified in paragraph 3 above.


7. If, in any instance, either party (hereinafter "FIRST PARTY") desires to
produce a sequel or derivative piece to the WORK (hereinafter the
"SEQUEL"), and the other party (hereinafter "SECOND PARTY") is either
unwilling or unable to do so, FIRST PARTY shall be free to hire another
writer or artist as the case may be (hereinafter "THIRD PARTY") to work on
such SEQUEL, under the following terms and conditions:


(i) Unless mutually agreed in advance by WRITER and ARTIST, THIRD PARTY
shall not own any copyright, trademark or other rights in and to the WORK
and/or any SEQUEL. All rights in and to the SEQUELS shall remain the sole
property of WRITER and ARTIST. Any contribution of THIRD PARTY to a SEQUEL
shall be done as a work-made-for-hire to the fullest extent permitted by
law, and to the extent that such contribution is not considered a work-made-
for-hire authored by WRITER and ARTIST in any jurisdiction, THIRD PARTY
shall assign any and all rights he may have in the SEQUEL to WRITER and
ARTIST.

(ii) Credits in such SEQUEL shall read: "Written by/Drawn by [names of
appropriate parties]; Based on characters created by WRITER & ARTIST."

(iii) Royalties from the publication of such SEQUEL shall be divided as
follows: FIRST PARTY: 50%; SECOND PARTY: 10%; THIRD PARTY: 40%. Page Rates
paid by publishers shall be excluded from the scope of this paragraph and
shall be negotiated separately by and paid directly to FIRST PARTY and
THIRD PARTY.

(iv) Any original art created by THIRD PARTY for such SEQUEL, and proceeds
from the sale of such original art, shall remain the sole property of THIRD
PARTY.


8. If either party dies, the surviving party shall have the sole right to
negotiate and contract for publication and for the disposition of any of
the subsidiary rights of the WORK, to create SEQUELS, and generally to act
with re-gard thereto as if he were the sole author, subject only to the
following conditions:


(i) the name of the decedent shall always appear on the WORK and the
SEQUELS as co-creator.
(ii) the surviving party shall cause the decedent's share of the proceeds,
as determined pursuant to paragraph 7(iii) above, to be paid to his estate.

(iii) the surviving party shall furnish the estate true copies of all
contracts made by the surviving party pertaining to the WORK and the
SEQUELS.


9. Each party agrees not to violate copyright or any other law in the
creation of the Work. If it shall be found or claimed that the Work
violates an existing copyright, throughout the world, the party which
created that portion of the Work shall indemnify and hold harmless the
other party.


10. This agreement shall continue in perpetuity. This agreement shall inure
to the benefit of, and shall be binding upon, the heirs, executors,
administrators, successors and assigns of the parties. This agreement shall
be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York. This the full agreement between the parties regarding the Work, any
amendments must be signed by each party.


11. All disputes arising out of this agreement shall be submitted to the
American Arbitration Association and should be decided under New York
Law.The arbitrator's award shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon
it by any court having jurisdiction thereof.


Should either party retain counsel for the purpose of enforcing its rights
under this agreement against the other party, then the prevailing party in
any action commenced with regard to such dispute shall be entitled to
receive from the other party payment or reimbursement of all costs and
attorneys' fees reasonably incurred with respect thereto.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have signed this agreement as of the
day and year first hereinabove written.


WRITER
Signed __________________________


Date____________________________


ARTIST

Signed____________________________


Date______________________________

