
XFINITY® Service(s) will be provided to you (“you,” “your,” or “Customer”)
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement for Residential
Services (the “Agreement”) and applicable law by the operating company
subsidiary of Comcast Corporation that (i) owns and/or operates the cable
television system in your area and/or (ii) the subsidiary that is the
XFINITY Digital Voice service provider or Unlimited Select service provider
(“Comcast,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). For purposes of this Agreement,
“affiliate” means any entity that controls, is controlled by or is under
common control with Comcast Corporation. Service(s) may include, but are
not limited to, XFINITY TV cable television service (“XFINITY Video”),
XFINITY Internet service including XFINITY WiFi (“XFINITY Internet”), and
XFINITY Voice or Unlimited Select service (herein collectively “XV” WITH
LIMITED EXCEPTIONS FOR UNLIMITED SELECT AS OTHERWISE INDICATED BELOW) (each
a “Service” and collectively the “Services”). The Service(s) do not include
Comcast owned or controlled websites such as Comcast.com, Comcast.net,
Xfinity.com or XfinityTV.com. Those websites have their own terms of
service and policies that are accessible directly from those sites.


We may change our prices, fees, the Service(s) and/or the terms and
conditions of this Agreement in the future. Unless this Agreement or
applicable law specifies otherwise, we will give you thirty (30) days prior
notice of any significant change to this Agreement. If you find the change
unacceptable, you have the right to cancel your Service(s). However, if you
continue to receive Service(s) after the end of the notice period (the
“Effective Date”) of the change, you will be considered to have accepted
the changes. You may not modify this Agreement by making any typed,
handwritten, or any other changes to it for any purpose.
Note: This Agreement contains a binding arbitration provision in Section 13
that affects your rights under this Agreement with respect to all
Service(s). These terms and conditions are subject to applicable tariffs
and service guides.


1. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT
You will have accepted this Agreement and be bound by its terms if you use
the Service(s) or otherwise indicate your affirmative acceptance of such
terms.


2. CHARGES AND BILLINGS


a. Charges, Fees, and Taxes You Must Pay. You agree to pay all charges
associated with the Service(s), including, but not limited to,
installation/service call charges, monthly service charges, Xfinity
Equipment (as defined below) charges, measured and per call charges,
applicable federal, state, and local taxes and fees (however designated),
regulatory recovery fees for municipal, state and federal government fees
or assessments imposed on Comcast, permitted fees and cost recovery
charges, or any programs in which Comcast participates, including, but not
limited to, public, educational, and governmental access, universal
service, telecom relay services for the visually/hearing impaired, rights-
of-way access, and programs supporting the 911/E911 system and any fees or
payment obligations imposed by governmental or quasi-governmental bodies
for the sale, installation, use, or provision of the Service(s). YOU WILL
BE RESPONSIBLE FOR PAYING ANY GOVERNMENT IMPOSED FEES AND TAXES THAT BECOME
APPLICABLE RETROACTIVELY. We will provide you with notice and an effective
date of any change in our prices or fees, unless the change in price is
related to a change in governmental or quasi-governmental taxes, fees, or
assessments, in which case we may elect not to provide notice except where
required by applicable law. Not all fees apply to all Service(s).


    • For XFINITY Video Customers. XFINITY Video price information is
      supplied with our Welcome Kit.
    • For XFINITY Internet Customers. XFINITY Internet price information is
      available at www.comcast.com (or an alternative site if we notify
      you).
    • For XFINITY Voice Customers. XFINITY Voice price information is
      available at www.comcast.com/voice/terms-of-service (or an alternative
      site if we notify you).
    • For Minimum Term Customers. If you have agreed to a minimum term
      arrangement, your price for Service(s) is as specified in the minimum
      term arrangement.


b. How We Will Bill You. Unless you are subject to a minimum term
arrangement, Service(s) are provided to you on a month-to-month basis. You
will generally be billed monthly, in advance, for recurring service
charges, equipment charges, and fees. YOU MUST PAY, ON OR BEFORE THE DAY WE
INSTALL ANY OR ALL OF THE SERVICE(S), THE FIRST MONTH’S SERVICE CHARGES,
XFINITY EQUIPMENT CHARGES, ANY DEPOSITS, AND ANY INSTALLATION CHARGES. Your
first bill may include pro-rated charges from the date you first begin
receiving Service(s), as well as monthly recurring charges for the next
month and charges for non-recurring services you have received. You may be
billed for some Service(s) individually after they have been provided to
you; these include measured and per-call charges (as explained below) and
charges for pay-per-view movies or events, interactive television, and e-
commerce. If you receive Service(s) under a promotion, after the
promotional period ends, regular charges for the Service(s) will apply.
We do not waive our rights to collect the full balance owed to us by
accepting partial payment. We will apply the partial payment to the
outstanding charges in the amounts and proportions that we determine.


    • For XFINITY Voice Customers. If you pay a flat monthly fee for your
      calling plan, that fee may not cover certain types of calls. You will
      be billed for these excluded call types on a per-call basis (e.g.,
      operator services) or a measured basis (e.g., international calls).
      Generally, for billing purposes, a measured call begins when the call
      is answered by the called party or an automated answering device (such
      as an answering machine or fax machine); it ends when one of the
      parties disconnects the call. However, some providers (e.g., those
      involved in calls to foreign countries) charge for a completed call
      when the called party’s line rings or after a certain number of rings.
      If such a provider charges Comcast, its affiliates, or suppliers as if
      your call were answered by the called party, Comcast will charge you
      for a completed call.
      Measured calls are recorded in whole minutes, with partial minutes
      rounded up to the next whole minute. If the charge for a measured call
      or for taxes or surcharges includes a fraction of a cent, the fraction
      is rounded up to the nearest whole cent. 
      See www.comcast.com/voice/terms-of-service for information on per-call
      charges and the timing of measured-call charges.
      Our paper bills for XFINITY Voice contain only a summary of charges.
      Detailed information is available for a limited period at a password-
      protected portion of our website. You may call 1-800-COMCAST for a
      paper copy of outbound toll call records related to your most recent
      bill. There may be an additional charge for these paper copies except
      as otherwise required by applicable law.


c. Third-Party Charges That Are Your Responsibility. You acknowledge that
you may incur charges with third-party service providers such as accessing
on-line services, calling parties who charge for their telephone-based
services, purchasing or subscribing to other offerings via the Internet or
interactive options on your XFINITY Video Service that are separate and
apart from the amounts charged by us. You are solely responsible for all
such charges payable to third parties, including all applicable taxes. In
addition, you are solely responsible for protecting the security of credit
card and other personal information provided to others in connection with
such transactions.


d. Alternative Billing Arrangements. Comcast may agree to provide billing
services on behalf of third parties, as the agent of the third party. Any
such third-party charges shall be payable pursuant to any contract or other
arrangement between you and the third party. We will not be responsible for
any dispute regarding these charges between you and any third party. You
must address all such disputes directly with the third party.


e. Payment by Credit Card or Check. If you use a credit card to pay for the
Service(s), use of the card is governed by the card issuer agreement, and
you must refer to that agreement for your rights and liabilities as a
cardholder. If Comcast does not receive payment from your credit card
issuer or its agents, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand. If you
make payment by check, you authorize Comcast to collect your check
electronically. You agree that you may not amend or modify this Agreement
with any restrictive endorsements (such as “paid in full”), or other
statements or releases on or accompanying checks or other payments accepted
by Comcast and any such notations shall have no legal effect.


f. Our Remedies if You Pay Late or Fail to Pay.


   1. Late or Non-Payments: You may be billed fees, charges, and assessments
      related to late or non-payments if for any reason (a) Comcast does not
      receive payment for the Service(s) by the payment due date or (b) you
      pay less than the full amount due for the Service(s).
         o For Maryland Customers. YOU WILL BE ASSESSED A LATE FEE OF 10%
           PER MONTH FOR ANY PAYMENT AMOUNT THAT HAS NOT BEEN PAID IN FULL
           AFTER 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE THE INVOICE WAS SENT, EXCEPT IN
           GARRETT AND ALLEGANY COUNTIES AND HANCOCK, MD. No more than
           three (3) monthly late fees will be imposed for any single
           payment amount that is past due, regardless of the period during
           which the payment remains past due.
         o For Garrett and Allegany County, Maryland Customers. YOU WILL BE
           ASSESSED A LATE FEE OF $4.95 PER MONTH FOR EACH ACCOUNT THAT HAS
           NOT BEEN PAID IN FULL AFTER 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE THE INVOICE
           WAS SENT.
         o For Hancock, Maryland Customers. YOU WILL BE ASSESSED A LATE FEE
           OF $2.00 PER MONTH FOR EACH ACCOUNT THAT HAS NOT BEEN PAID IN
           FULL AFTER 45 DAYS FROM THE DATE THE INVOICE WAS SENT. 
   2. Fees Not Considered Interest or Penalties: Comcast does not anticipate
      that you will fail to pay for the Service(s) on a timely basis, and we
      do not extend credit to customers. Any fees, charges, and assessments
      due to late payment or nonpayment are liquidated damages intended to
      be a reasonable advance estimate of our costs resulting from late
      payments and non-payments. These costs will be difficult to calculate
      or to predict when we set such fees, charges, and assessments, because
      we cannot know in advance: (a) whether you will pay for the Service(s)
      on a timely basis, if ever; (b) if you do pay late, when you will
      actually pay; and (c) what costs we will incur because of your late
      payment or non-payment.
   3. Collection Costs: If we use a collection agency or attorney to collect
      money owed by you, you agree to pay the reasonable costs of
      collection. These costs include, but are not limited to, any
      collection agency’s fees, reasonable attorneys’ fees, and arbitration
      or court costs.
   4. Suspension/Disconnect: If you fail to pay the full amount due for any
      or all of the Service(s) then Comcast, at its sole discretion in
      accordance with and subject to applicable law, may suspend or
      disconnect any or all the Service(s) you receive.


g. Reconnection Fees and Related Charges. If you resume Service(s) after
any suspension, we may require you to pay a reconnection fee. If you
reinstate any or all Service(s) after disconnection, we may require you to
pay an installation fee and/or service activation fee. These fees are in
addition to all past due charges and other fees. Reconnection of the
Service(s) is subject to our credit policies, this Agreement and applicable
law.


h. Our Right to Make Credit Inquiries. YOU AUTHORIZE COMCAST TO MAKE
INQUIRIES AND TO RECEIVE INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR CREDIT EXPERIENCE FROM
OTHERS, TO ENTER THIS INFORMATION IN YOUR FILE, AND TO DISCLOSE THIS
INFORMATION CONCERNING YOU TO APPROPRIATE THIRD PARTIES FOR REASONABLE
BUSINESS PURPOSES.


i. Your Responsibilities Concerning Billing Questions. Subject to
applicable law, if you intend to dispute a charge or request a billing
credit, you must contact Comcast within sixty (60) days of the date on the
bill. You waive any disputes or credits that you do not report within sixty
(60) days.


    • For Sacramento, California Customers.If there are any billing errors
      or other requests for credit, you must bring those to our attention
      within sixty (60) days of the time you receive the bill for which you
      are seeking correction, unless applicable law provides for a longer
      period which cannot be waived or otherwise modified. We will
      investigate and respond to all complaints within five (5) business
      days of the receipt of the complaint. In some cases, an investigation
      might require a search of historical records that could take up to 14
      business days. If you believe a payment was made which was not
      credited to your account, a copy of a cancelled check or money order
      may be required and the disputed amount will be set aside for up to
      fourteen (14) days while you gather that documentation.


3. REFUNDABLE DEPOSIT
We may require you to pay a refundable deposit when you activate the
Service(s), if you add Xfinity Equipment and/or Service(s) or if you fail
to pay any amounts when they are due. If we disconnect your Service(s) or
are otherwise required under applicable law to refund the deposit, we shall
within forty-five (45) days or as otherwise specified by applicable law
return a sum equal to the deposit(s) you paid (without interest unless
otherwise required by law) minus any amounts due on your account (including
without limitation, any amounts owed for the Service(s) or for any Xfinity
Equipment that is damaged, altered, or not returned).


4. CHANGES TO SERVICES
Subject to applicable law, we have the right to change our Service(s),
Xfinity Equipment and rates or charges, at any time with or without notice.
We also may rearrange, delete, add to, or otherwise change programming or
features or offerings contained in the Service(s), including, but not
limited to, content, functionality, hours of availability, customer
equipment requirements, speed, and upstream and downstream rate
limitations. If we do give you notice, it may be provided on your monthly
bill, as a bill insert, email, in a newspaper or other communication
permitted under applicable law. If you find a change in the Service(s)
unacceptable, you have the right to cancel your Service(s). However, if you
continue to receive Service(s) after the change, this will constitute your
acceptance of the change.


5. ACCESS TO YOUR PREMISES AND CUSTOMER EQUIPMENT


a. Premises. You agree to allow us and our agents the right to enter your
property at which the Service(s) and/or Xfinity Equipment will be provided
(the “Premises”) at reasonable times, for purposes of installing,
configuring, maintaining, inspecting, upgrading, replacing and removing the
Service(s) and/or Comcast Equipment used to receive any of the Service(s).
You warrant that you are either the owner of the Premises or that you have
the authority to give us access to the Premises. If you are not the owner
of the Premises, you are responsible for obtaining any necessary approval
from the owner to allow us and our agents into the Premises to perform the
activities specified above. In addition, you agree to supply us or our
agent, if we ask, the owner’s name, address, and phone number and/or
evidence that the owner has authorized you to grant access to us and our
agents to the Premises.


    • For California West Bay Area and San Francisco, California
      Customers.If we fail to keep an appointment, we will credit your
      account with free installation or service call free of charge if the
      appointment was for an installation or service call for which a fee
      was to be charged or a minimum credit of $20.
    • For Sacramento, California Customers.If we fail to keep an
      appointment, we will credit your account with one month of Limited
      Basic up to a maximum credit equal to one month of the Standard Cable
      price.


b. Customer Equipment. Customer Equipment means software, hardware or
services that you elect to use in connection with the Service(s) or Xfinity
Equipment. You agree to allow us and our agents the rights to insert cable
cards and other hardware in the Customer Equipment, send software,
firmware, and/or other programs to the Customer Equipment and install,
configure, maintain, inspect and upgrade the Customer Equipment and Xfinity
Equipment. You warrant you are either the owner of the Customer Equipment
or that you have the authority to give us access to the Customer Equipment.
If you are not the owner of the Customer Equipment, you are responsible for
obtaining any necessary approval from the owner to allow us and our agents
access to the Customer Equipment to perform the activities specified above.
In addition, you agree to supply us or our agents, if we ask, the owner’s
name, address and phone number and/or evidence that the owner has
authorized you to grant access to us and our agents to the Customer
Equipment to perform the activities specified above.


6. MAINTENANCE AND OWNERSHIP OF EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE


7. USE OF SERVICES
You agree that the Service(s) and the Xfinity Equipment will be used only
for personal, residential, non-commercial purposes, unless otherwise
specifically authorized by us in writing. You will not use the Xfinity
Equipment at any time at an address other than the Premises without our
prior written authorization. You agree and represent that you will not
resell or permit another to resell the Service(s) in whole or in part. You
will not use or permit another to use the Xfinity Equipment or the
Service(s), directly or indirectly, for any unlawful purpose, including,
but not limited to, in violation of any posted Comcast policy applicable to
the Service(s). Use of the Xfinity Equipment or Service(s) for
transmission, communications or storage of any information, data or
material in violation of any U.S. federal, state or local regulation or law
is prohibited. You acknowledge that you are accepting this Agreement on
behalf of all persons who use the Xfinity Equipment and/or Service(s) at
the Premises and that you shall have sole responsibility for ensuring that
all other users understand and comply with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and any applicable Comcast policies including, but not limited
to, acceptable use and privacy policies. You further acknowledge and agree
that you shall be solely responsible for any transactions, including,
without limitation, purchases made through or in connection with the
Service(s). You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Comcast and
its affiliates, suppliers, and agents against all claims and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of the use of the
Service(s), the Xfinity Equipment and/or the Customer Equipment or the
breach of this Agreement or any of the applicable Comcast policies by you
or any other user of the Service(s) at the Premises. You shall not be
required to indemnify Comcast and its affiliates, suppliers, and agents
with respect to third parties use of HHS.


8. ASSIGNABILITY
This Agreement and the Service(s) furnished hereunder may not be assigned
by you. You agree to notify us immediately of any changes of ownership or
occupancy of the Premises. We may freely assign our rights and obligations
under this Agreement with or without notice to you.


9. TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT


a. Term. This Agreement will be in effect from the time that the Service(s)
are activated until (1) it is terminated as provided for by this Agreement
or by any addendum to this Agreement or (2) it is replaced by a revised
Agreement. If you self-install Xfinity Equipment, Service(s) charges begin
the earliest of (1) the day on which you picked up Xfinity Equipment at our
service center, (2) the day you install the Service(s), or (3) five (5)
days after the date we ship the Xfinity Equipment to you. If you self-
install a voice capable modem, cable modem, or converter you obtained from
a source other than Comcast, charges begin the day your order for the
Service(s) is entered into our billing system. The option to self-install a
voice capable modem, cable modem, or converter and/or to use a non-Comcast-
supplied voice capable modem, cable modem or converter is subject to
availability.


b. Termination by You. Unless you have signed a minimum term addendum, you
may terminate this Agreement for any reason at any time by notifying
Comcast in one of three ways: (1) send a written notice to the postal
address of your local Comcast business office; (2) send an electronic
notice to the email address specified on www.comcast.com; or (3) call our
customer service line during normal business hours. Subject to applicable
law or the terms of any agreements with governmental authorities, all
applicable fees and charges for the Service(s) will accrue until this
Agreement has terminated, the Service(s) have been disconnected, and all
Xfinity Equipment has been returned. We will refund all prepaid monthly
service fees charged for Service(s) after the date of termination (less any
outstanding amounts due Comcast for the Service(s), affiliate services,
Xfinity Equipment, or other applicable fees and charges).


    • For Prince Georges County, Maryland Customers. All applicable fees and
      charges will accrue until the termination of this Agreement or the
      date you request the Service(s) to be disconnected, whichever is
      earlier.


c. Suspension and Termination by Comcast. Under the conditions listed
below, Comcast reserves the right, subject to applicable law, to act
immediately and without notice to terminate or suspend the Service(s)
and/or to remove from the Service(s) any information transmitted by or to
any authorized users (e.g., email or voicemail). Comcast may take these
actions if it: (1) determines that your use of the Service(s) does not
conform with the requirements set forth in this Agreement, (2) determines
that your use of the Service(s) interferes with Comcast’s ability to
provide the Service(s) to you or others, (3) reasonably believes that your
use of the Service(s) may violate any laws, regulations, or written and
electronic instructions for use, or (4) reasonably believes that your use
of the Service(s) interferes with or endangers the health and/or safety of
our personnel or third parties. Comcast’s action or inaction under this
Section shall not constitute review or approval of your or any other users’
use of the Service(s) or information transmitted by or to you or users.


d. Your Obligations Upon Termination. You agree that upon termination of
this Agreement you will do the following:


   1. You will immediately cease all use of the Service(s) and all Xfinity
      Equipment;
   2. You will pay in full for your use of the Service(s) up to the date
      that this Agreement has been terminated and the Service(s) are
      disconnected; and
   3. Within ten (10) days of the date on which Service(s) are disconnected,
      you will return all Xfinity Equipment to us at our local business
      office or to our designee in working order, normal wear and tear
      excepted. Otherwise, you will be charged the amount set forth in the
      current pricing lists for such Xfinity Equipment, or the revised
      amount for which you receive notice; if no amount has been specified
      for the particular model of Xfinity Equipment, you will be charged the
      retail price for a new replacement. You may also be charged incidental
      costs that we incur in replacing the Xfinity Equipment. Upon our
      request during regular business hours at a time agreed upon by you and
      us, you will permit us and our employees, agents, contractors, and
      representatives to access the Premises during regular business hours
      to remove all Xfinity Equipment and other material provided by
      Comcast.


10. LIMITED WARRANTY
THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT AND THE SERVICE(S) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER COMCAST NOR ITS
AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS,
LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS WARRANT THAT THE XFINITY EQUIPMENT OR THE
SERVICE(S) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, PROVIDE UNINTERRUPTED USE, OR
OPERATE AS REQUIRED, WITHOUT DELAY, OR WITHOUT ERROR. NEITHER COMCAST NOR
ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS,
LICENSORS OR BUSINESS PARTNERS WARRANT THAT ANY COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE
TRANSMITTED IN UNCORRUPTED FORM. ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
PERFORMANCE, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR
MERCHANTABILITY, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED AND EXCLUDED UNLESS OTHERWISE
PROHIBITED OR RESTRICTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.


11. LIMITATION OF COMCAST’S LIABILITY


12. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY OF CUSTOMER
YOU AGREE THAT YOU SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR AND SHALL DEFEND, INDEMNIFY,
AND HOLD HARMLESS COMCAST AND ITS EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS, AGENTS,
CONTRACTORS, DISTRIBUTORS, LICENSORS AND BUSINESS PARTNERS AND SHALL
REIMBURSE US FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS) INCURRED BY US IN
CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIMS, SUITS, JUDGMENTS, AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING
OUT OF (a) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE(S) OR XFINITY EQUIPMENT; (b) VIOLATION
OR INFRINGEMENT OF CONTRACTUAL RIGHTS, PRIVACY, CONFIDENTIALITY, COPYRIGHT,
PATENT, TRADEMARK, TRADE SECRET, OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND
PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE(S) OR ANY
UNAUTHORIZED APPARATUS OR SYSTEM; (c) ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF
THE LACK OF 911/E911 OR DIALING ASSOCIATED WITH A HOME SECURITY, HOME
DETENTION, OR MEDICAL MONITORING SYSTEM; AND (d) YOUR BREACH OF ANY
PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT.


13. BINDING ARBITRATION


a. Purpose. If you have a Dispute (as defined below) with Comcast that
cannot be resolved through an informal dispute resolution with Comcast, you
or Comcast may elect to arbitrate that Dispute in accordance with the terms
of this Arbitration Provision rather than litigate the Dispute in court.
Arbitration means you will have a fair hearing before a neutral arbitrator
instead of in a court by a judge or jury. Proceeding in arbitration may
result in limited discovery and may be subject to limited review by courts.


b. Definitions. The term “Dispute” means any dispute, claim, or controversy
between you and Comcast regarding any aspect of your relationship with
Comcast, whether based in contract, statute, regulation, ordinance, tort
(including, but not limited to, fraud, misrepresentation, fraudulent
inducement, negligence, or any other intentional tort), or any other legal
or equitable theory, and includes the validity, enforceability or scope of
this Arbitration Provision. “Dispute” is to be given the broadest possible
meaning that will be enforced. As used in this Arbitration Provision,
“Comcast” means Comcast and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliated
companies and each of their respective officers, directors, employees and
agents.


c. Right to Opt Out. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS ARBITRATION
PROVISION, YOU MUST NOTIFY COMCAST IN WRITING WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE
THAT YOU FIRST RECEIVE THIS AGREEMENT BY VISITING
WWW.COMCAST.COM/ARBITRATIONOPTOUT, OR BY MAIL TO COMCAST 1701 JOHN F.
KENNEDY BLVD., PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103-2838, ATTN: LEGAL
DEPARTMENT/ARBITRATION. YOUR WRITTEN NOTIFICATION TO COMCAST MUST INCLUDE
YOUR NAME, ADDRESS AND COMCAST ACCOUNT NUMBER AS WELL AS A CLEAR STATEMENT
THAT YOU DO NOT WISH TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH COMCAST THROUGH ARBITRATION.
YOUR DECISION TO OPT OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION WILL HAVE NO ADVERSE
EFFECT ON YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH COMCAST OR THE DELIVERY OF SERVICE(S) TO
YOU BY COMCAST. IF YOU HAVE PREVIOUSLY NOTIFIED COMCAST OF YOUR DECISION TO
OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION, YOU DO NOT NEED TO DO SO AGAIN.


d. Initiation of Arbitration Proceeding/Selection of Arbitrator. If you or
Comcast elect to resolve your Dispute through arbitration pursuant to this
Arbitration Provision, the party initiating the arbitration proceeding may
open a case with the American Arbitration Association - Case Filing
Services, 1101 Laurel Oak Road, SUite 100, Voorhees, NJ 08043, 877-493-
4185, www.adr.org under the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American
Arbitration Association "AAA".


e. Arbitration Procedures. Because the Service(s) provided to you by
Comcast concerns interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”),
not state arbitration law, shall govern the arbitrability of all Disputes.
However, applicable federal law or the law of the state where you receive
the service from Comcast may apply to and govern the substance of any
Disputes. No state statutes pertaining to arbitration shall be applicable
under this Arbitration Provision.
If there is a conflict between this Arbitration Provision and the rules of
the arbitration organization, this Arbitration Provision shall govern. If
AAA will not enforce this Arbitration Provision as written, it cannot serve
as the arbitration organization to resolve your dispute with Comcast. If
this situation arises, the parties shall agree on a substitute arbitration
organization. If the parties are unable to agree, the parties shall
mutually petition a court of appropriate jurisdiction to appoint an
arbitration organization that will enforce this Arbitration Provision as
written. If there is a conflict between this Arbitration Provision and the
rest of this Agreement, this Arbitration Provision shall govern.
A single arbitrator will resolve the Dispute. The arbitrator will honor
claims of privilege recognized by law and will take reasonable steps to
protect customer account information and other confidential or proprietary
information.
The arbitrator will make any award in writing but need not provide a
statement of reasons unless requested by a party. An award rendered by the
arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction over the parties
for purposes of enforcement.
If an award granted by the arbitrator exceeds $75,000, either party can
appeal that award to a three-arbitrator panel administered by the same
arbitration organization by a written notice of appeal filed within thirty
(30) days from the date of entry of the written arbitration award. The
members of the three-arbitrator panel will be selected according to the
rules of the arbitration organization. The arbitration organization will
then notify the other party that the award has been appealed. The three-
arbitrator panel will issue its decision within one hundred and twenty
(120) days of the date of the appealing party’s notice of appeal. The
decision of the three-arbitrator panel shall be final and binding, except
for any appellate right which exists under the FAA.


f. Restrictions:


   1. YOU MUST CONTACT US WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR OF THE DATE OF THE OCCURRENCE
      OF THE EVENT OR FACTS GIVING RISE TO A DISPUTE (EXCEPT FOR BILLING
      DISPUTES) ABOUT WHICH YOU MUST CONTACT COMCAST WITHIN SIXTY (60) DAYS
      AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 2 OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO
      PURSUE ANY CLAIM BASED UPON SUCH EVENT, FACTS, OR DISPUTE.
   2. ALL PARTIES TO THE ARBITRATION MUST BE INDIVIDUALLY NAMED. THERE SHALL
      BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY CLAIMS TO BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED
      ON A CLASS ACTION OR CONSOLIDATED BASIS OR ON BASES INVOLVING CLAIMS
      BROUGHT IN A PURPORTED REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF THE
      GENERAL PUBLIC (SUCH AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL), OTHER
      SUBSCRIBERS, OR OTHER PERSONS


g. Location of Arbitration. The arbitration will take place at a location
convenient to you in the area where you receive the service from us.


h. Payment of Arbitration Fees and Costs. COMCAST WILL ADVANCE ALL
ARBITRATION FILING FEES AND ARBITRATOR’S COSTS AND EXPENSES UPON YOUR
WRITTEN REQUEST GIVEN PRIOR TO THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE ARBITRATION. YOU ARE
RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ADDITIONAL COSTS THAT YOU INCUR IN THE ARBITRATION,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FEES FOR ATTORNEYS OR EXPERT WITNESSES. IF
THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDING IS DECIDED IN COMCAST’S FAVOR, YOU SHALL
REIMBURSE COMCAST FOR THE FEES AND COSTS ADVANCED TO YOU ONLY UP TO THE
EXTENT AWARDABLE IN A JUDICIAL PROCEEDING. IF THE ARBITRATION PROCEEDING IS
DETERMINED IN YOUR FAVOR, YOU WILL NOT BE REQUIRED TO REIMBURSE COMCAST FOR
ANY OF THE FEES AND COSTS ADVANCED BY COMCAST. IF A PARTY ELECTS TO APPEAL
AN AWARD TO A THREE-ARBITRATOR PANEL, THE PREVAILING PARTY IN THE APPEAL
SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER ALL REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS
INCURRED IN THAT APPEAL. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS
ARBITRATION PROVISION, COMCAST WILL PAY ALL FEES AND COSTS THAT IT IS
REQUIRED BY LAW TO PAY.


i. Severability. If any clause within this Arbitration Provision is found
to be illegal or unenforceable, that clause will be severed from this
Arbitration Provision, and the remainder of this Arbitration Provision will
be given full force and effect. If the class action waiver clause is found
to be illegal or unenforceable, the entire Arbitration Provision will be
unenforceable, and the dispute will be decided by a court.
In the event this entire Arbitration Provision is determined to be illegal
or unenforceable for any reason, or if a claim is brought in a Dispute that
is found by a court to be excluded from the scope of this Arbitration
Provision, you and Comcast have each agreed to waive, to the fullest extent
allowed by law, any trial by jury.


j. Exclusions from Arbitration. YOU AND COMCAST AGREE THAT THE FOLLOWING
WILL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION: (1) ANY CLAIM FILED BY YOU OR BY
COMCAST THAT IS NOT AGGREGATED WITH THE CLAIM OF ANY OTHER SUBSCRIBER AND
WHOSE AMOUNT IN CONTROVERSY IS PROPERLY WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF A COURT
THAT IS LIMITED TO ADJUDICATING SMALL CLAIMS; (2) ANY DISPUTE OVER THE
VALIDITY OF ANY PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS; (3) ANY DISPUTE
RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM ALLEGATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH UNAUTHORIZED USE OR
RECEIPT OF SERVICE; (4) ANY DISPUTE THAT ARISES BETWEEN COMCAST AND ANY
STATE OR LOCAL REGULATORY AUTHORITY OR AGENCY THAT IS EMPOWERED BY FEDERAL,
STATE, OR LOCAL LAW TO GRANT A FRANCHISE UNDER 47 U.S.C. § 522(9); AND (5)
ANY DISPUTE THAT CAN ONLY BE BROUGHT BEFORE THE LOCAL FRANCHISE AUTHORITY
UNDER THE TERMS OF THE FRANCHISE.


k. Continuation. This Arbitration Provision shall survive the termination
of your Service(s) with Comcast.


14. CUSTOMER PRIVACY NOTICE AND SECURITY15. GENERAL


a. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and any other documents incorporated by
reference constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and
Comcast with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, and replace
any and all prior written or verbal agreements. If any portion of this
Agreement is held to be unenforceable, the unenforceable portion shall be
construed in accordance with applicable law as nearly as possible to
reflect the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of the
provisions shall remain in full force and effect. Comcast does not waive
any provision or right if it fails to insist upon or enforce strict
performance of any provision of this Agreement. Neither the course of
conduct between you and Comcast nor trade practice shall act to modify any
provision of this Agreement.


b. Additional Representations and Warranties. In addition to
representations and warranties you make elsewhere in this Agreement, you
also represent and warrant that:


i. Age: You are at least 18 years of age.


ii. Customer Information: During the term of this Agreement, you have
provided and will provide to Comcast information that is accurate, complete
and current, including without limitation your legal name, address,
telephone number(s), the number of devices on which or through the
Service(s) is being used, and payment data (including without limitation
information provided when authorizing recurring payments). You agree to
notify us promptly, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, if
there is any change in the information that you have provided to us.
Failure to provide and maintain accurate information is a breach of this
Agreement.


c. Information Provided to Third Parties. Comcast is not responsible for
any information provided by you to third parties, and this information is
not subject to the privacy provisions of this Agreement or the privacy
notice for the Service(s). In addition you are responsible for controlling
access to any XFINITY Equipment and any other device you use to access the
Services ("Connected Device"). You assume all privacy, security, and other
risks associated with providing any individual with access to a Connected
Device or providing any information, including CPNI or personally
identifiable information, to third parties via the Service(s). For a
description of the privacy protections associated with providing
information to third parties, you should refer to the privacy policies, if
any, provided by those third parties.


d. Protection of Comcast’s Information and Marks. All Service(s)
information, documents, and materials on our websites are protected by
trademark, copyright or other intellectual property laws, and international
treaty provisions. All websites, corporate names, service marks,
trademarks, trade names, logos, and domain names (collectively “marks”) of
Comcast and its affiliates are and shall remain the exclusive property of
Comcast. Nothing in this Agreement shall grant you the right or license to
use any of the marks.


e. Export Laws. You expressly agree to comply with all applicable export
and re-export laws, including, but not limited to, the Export
Administration Act, the Arms Export Control Act, and their implementing
regulations. You further expressly agree not to use the Service(s) in any
way that violates any provision of such laws or their implementing
regulations.


f. Retention of Rights. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be
construed to limit Comcast’s rights and remedies available at law or in
equity. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Comcast and its
suppliers reserve the right to delete all your data, files, electronic
messages or other Customer information that is stored on Comcast’s or its
suppliers’ servers or systems. In addition, you may forfeit your account
user name and all email, IP and Web space addresses, and voice mail. In the
event you cancel XV without porting your voice service and the telephone
number to another service provider, you will forfeit the telephone number.
We shall have no liability whatsoever as the result of the loss of any such
data, names, addresses, or numbers.


16. NOTICE METHOD FOR CHANGES TO THIS AGREEMENT
We will provide you notice of changes to this Agreement consistent with
applicable law. The notice may be provided on your monthly bill, as a bill
insert, in a newspaper, by email, or by other permitted communication. If
you find the change unacceptable, you have the right to cancel your
Service(s). However, if you continue to receive the Service(s) after the
change, we will consider this your acceptance of the change.


17. IMPORTANT INFORMATION
If you are unable to get a problem resolved to your satisfaction at your
local Comcast office, you may write to the Comcast Corporate Offices at
1701 John F. Kennedy Blvd., Philadelphia, PA 19103-2838 with concerns and
complaints.


ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO XFINITY VOICE SERVICE
In addition to the General Terms and Conditions above, the following terms
and conditions are specifically applicable to XFINITY Voice Customers.
1. SPECIAL NOTICE FOR COMCAST DIGITAL VOICE SUBSCRIBERS: LIMITATIONS OF
XFINITY Voice SERVICE


a. Limitations. XFINITY Voice includes 911/Enhanced 911 functionality
(“911/E911”) thate certain limitations. CAREFULLY READ THE INFORMATION
BELOW. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT AN may differ from the 911/E911
functionality furnished by other providers. As such, it may havY
LIMITATIONS OF 911/E911. YOU AGREE TO CONVEY THESE LIMITATIONS TO ALL
PERSONS WHO MAY HAVE OCCASION TO PLACE CALLS OVER THE SERVICES. IF YOU HAVE
ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT 911/E911, CALL 1-800-XFINITY.


i. Correct Address: In order for your 911/E911 calls to be properly
directed to emergency services, Comcast must have your correct Premises
address. If you move XFINITY Voice to a different address without Comcast’s
approval, 911/E911 calls may be directed to the wrong emergency authority,
may transmit the wrong address, and/or XFINITY Voice (including 911/E911)
may fail altogether. Therefore, you must call 1-800-XFINITY before you move
XFINITY Voice to a new address. Comcast will need several business days to
update your Premises address in the E911 system so that your 911/E911 calls
can be properly directed. All changes in service address require Comcast’s
prior approval.


ii. Service Interruptions: XFINITY Voice uses the electrical power in your
home. If there is an electrical power outage, 911 calling may be
interrupted if a battery backup in the associated voice capable modem is
not installed, fails, or is exhausted after several hours. Furthermore,
calls, including calls to 911/E911, may not be completed if there is a
problem with network facilities, including network congestion,
network/equipment/power failure, or another technical problem.


iii. Suspension and Termination by Comcast: You understand and acknowledge
that all XFINITY Voice, including 911/E911, as well as all online features
of XFINITY Voice, where we make these features available, will be disabled
if your account is suspended or terminated.


iv. Telephone Number Assignments:  The telephone numbers utilized for
XFINITY Voice are assigned in accordance with applicable federal and state
numbering rules. Therefore, XFINITY Voice cannot accommodate the assignment
of a telephone number outside of the telephone rate center to which that
number is appropriately assigned


b. Limitation of Liability and Indemnification. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
THAT COMCAST WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SERVICE OUTAGE, INABILITY TO DIAL
911 USING THE SERVICE(S), AND/OR INABILITY TO ACCESS EMERGENCY SERVICE
PERSONNEL. YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD HARMLESS COMCAST AND
ITS AFFILIATES, SUPPLIERS OR AGENTS FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LOSSES,
DAMAGES, FINES, PENALTIES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES) BY, OR ON BEHALF OF, YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY
OR USER OF THE SERVICE(S) RELATING TO THE FAILURE OR OUTAGE OF THE
SERVICE(S), INCLUDING THOSE RELATED TO 911/E911.


2. ADDITIONAL XFINITY VOICE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS REGARDING CUSTOMER
EQUIPMENT
a. Incompatible Equipment and Services. You acknowledge and understand that
XFINITY Voice may not support or be compatible with:


3. VOICE-CAPABLE MODEM BACKUP BATTERY
If the voice-capable modem is equipped with a backup battery, such battery
is used to provide service during a power outage to your home where power
to Comcast’s network remains available. The length of time that XFINITY
Voice will be available during a power outage will depend on the following:
(i) the backup battery remains properly installed in the voice capable
modem; (ii) the condition and age of the backup battery; and (iii) the
amount of XFINITY Voice usage when the voice capable modem is utilizing
power from the backup battery. You understand and acknowledge that: (i) the
performance of the backup battery is not guaranteed; and (ii) you will not
be able to use XFINITY Voice if electrical power to the voice capable modem
is interrupted and the voice capable modem does not have a functioning
backup battery. A voice capable modem backup battery does not power
cordless phones or other equipment connected to the telephone line that
require electricity from your Premises, such as telecommunications devices
used to assist customers with disabilities.


4. TRANSFER OF YOUR PHONE NUMBER(S)
For information about switching to another provider from XFINITY Voice and
the assignment of telephone numbers related to XFINITY Voice Service please
call 1-800-XFINITY.


5. CUSTOMER INFORMATION
Comcast and its suppliers reserve the right both during the term of this
Agreement and upon its termination to delete your voicemail, call detail,
data, files, or other information that is stored on Comcast’s or its
suppliers’ servers or systems, in accordance with our storage policies. You
understand and acknowledge that we shall have no liability whatsoever as a
result of the loss or removal of any such voicemail, call detail, data,
files, or other information.


6. INTEGRATED SERVICES
Use of XFINITY Voice’s integrated services provided through online portals
such as applicable communications center or Voice Center are governed by
the GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS of this Agreement.


7. ADDITIONAL TERMS OF SERVICE
To view additional terms of service applicable to XFINITY Voice in Maine,
please go to http://www.comcast.com/tariffs.

