
               OFFER FOR COMMISSIONED ILLUSTRATION/CONCEPT ART


This contract is an offer ("Offer") by [HUGO FELIPE ESCOBAR BRAVO /
FESBRA]("Artist") to [NAME OF PERSON COMMISSIONING]("Commissioner") made on
[DATE] for Artist to provide creative work ("Work" â€“ as described below) as
requested by Commissioner.


1. Work. Commissioner retains Artist to create [ENTER A DESCRIPTION OF THE
WORK HERE]. Work includes only the final, deliverable art, and not any
preliminary work or sketches.


2. Price and Delivery. The non-refundable flat-fee for Work is [US $].
Payment must be made before the final work is delivered to the
Commissioner. Payment should be made in the method and manner specified by
Artist. Work is to be delivered no later than [DATE OF DELIVERY], but
Commissioner agrees that the date of delivery is not material to this
Agreement.


3. Grant of Rights. Artist agrees to the perpetual non-exclusive license of
all rights (including, but not limited to, the right to display, modify,
transmit, transfer, sell, and create derivative works) to Work to
Commissioner, excluding only the right to authorship credit, which is
retained by Artist. Artist agrees that Work is produced with the intent it
be unique and will not seek to resell or publish Work, except as noted
below.


4. Artist's Right to Authorship Credit. Artist may use Work in Artist's
portfolio (including, but not limited to, any website that displays
Artist's works). Commissioner and Artist agree that when asked,
Commissioner must properly identify Artist as the creator of Work.
Commissioner does not have a proactive duty to display Artist's name
together with Work, but Commissioner may not seek to mislead others that
Work was created by anyone other than Artist.


5. Commissioner Accepts Artist's Creative Vision. Commissioner agrees that
Artist will complete Work in Artist's creative style at Artist's sole
discretion. If Commissioner refuses to receive Work or demands Work be
redone, it is understood and agreed that Commissioner is cancelling the
Agreement, and no fee will be refunded.


6. Cancellation, and Expiration. The fee for Work is non-refundable. If
Commissioner nonetheless does not want or refuses to receive Work, Artist
may decide whether or not to complete Work, and will exclusively retain all
right to Work. This Offer automatically expires upon 48 hours of being made
and may not then be accepted. This Offer expires if it is verbally or
through writing (including, but not limited to, by e-mail or text chat)
withdrawn by Artist.


7. Limitation of Liability. Commissioner agrees that Artist will not be
liable for any damages (including, but not limited to, incidental or
consequential damages), that arise from Artist's performance of this
commission (including, but not limited to, failure to perform in a timely
manner, regardless of whether the failure was intentional or negligent.)


8. Dispute Settled by Arbitration, and Governing Law. Any dispute under or
about this Agreement must be submitted to and resolved by arbitration
through the arbitration services located at Internet URL
http://www.judge.me. Parties will bear their own costs. Any court may
enforce the arbitration award. This Agreement will be governed by the laws
of [HOME STATE OR REGION], in the country of [HOME COUNTRY].


This Offer may be accepted (within 48 hours of being made or if withdrawn,
as in Expiration, above) and be enforced upon the signature of Commissioner
(an electronic signature is acceptable).


Commissioner:____________________ (signature), on ________ (date)

