
                              [[COMPANY NAME]]


                       COMMON STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


 


This Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of [DATE
MADE] by and between [COMPANY NAME], a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), and [PURCHASER] (“Purchaser”).



1. Sale of Stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, on
the Purchase Date (as defined below) the Company will issue and sell to
Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to purchase from the Company, [SHARES SOLD]
shares of the Company’s Common Stock (the “Shares”) at a purchase price of
$[PURCHASE PRICE] per Share for a total purchase price of $[TOTAL PURCHASE
PRICE]. The term “Shares” refers to the purchased Shares and all securities
received in replacement of or in connection with the Shares pursuant to
stock dividends or splits, all securities received in replacement of the
Shares in a recapitalization, merger, reorganization, exchange or the like,
and all new, substituted or additional securities or other properties to
which Purchaser is entitled by reason of Purchaser’s ownership of the
Shares.


 


2. Purchase. The purchase and sale of the Shares under this Agreement shall
occur at the principal office of the Company simultaneously with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties or on such other
date as the Company and Purchaser shall agree (the “Purchase Date”). On the
Purchase Date, the Company will deliver to Purchaser a certificate
representing the Shares to be purchased by Purchaser (which shall be issued
in Purchaser’s name) against payment of the purchase price therefor by
Purchaser by (a) check made payable to the Company, (b) cancellation of
indebtedness of the Company to Purchaser, (c) an assignment 


of certain assets, or (d) by a combination of the foregoing. [In addition,
a portion of the purchase price for the Shares shall be paid to the Company
by cancellation of amounts due to Purchaser for prior services rendered to
the Company (the “Debt”). As of the Purchase Date, and simultaneously with
the issuance of the Shares to Purchaser, the Debt shall automatically be
deemed to be discharged in its entirety.]


 


3. Limitations on Transfer. In addition to any other limitation on transfer
created by applicable securities laws, Purchaser shall not assign, encumber
or dispose of any interest in the Shares while the Shares are subject to
the Company’s Repurchase Option (as defined below). After any Shares have
been released from the Repurchase Option, Purchaser shall not assign,
encumber or dispose of any interest in such Shares except in compliance
with the provisions below and applicable securities laws.


(a) Repurchase Option.


(i) In the event of the voluntary or involuntary termination of Purchaser’s
Continuous Service Status for any reason (including death or Disability),
with or without cause, the Company shall upon the date of such termination
(the “Termination Date”) have an irrevocable, exclusive option (the
“Repurchase Option”) for a period of [OPTION LENGTH] months from such date
to repurchase all or any portion of the Shares held by Purchaser as of the
Termination Date which have not yet been released from the Company’s
Repurchase Option at the original purchase price per Share specified in
Section 1 (adjusted for any stock splits, stock dividends and the like).


(ii) The Repurchase Option shall be exercised by the Company by written
notice at any time within [MONTHS NOTICE] months following the Termination
Date to Purchaser or Purchaser’s executor and, at the Company’s option, (A)
by delivery to Purchaser or Purchaser’s executor with such notice of a
check in the amount of the purchase price for the Shares being purchased,
or (B) by cancellation by the Company of indebtedness equal to the purchase
price for the Shares being repurchased, or (C) by a combination of (A) and
(B) so that the combined payment and cancellation of indebtedness equals
such purchase price. Upon delivery of such notice and payment of the
purchase price in any of the ways described above, the Company shall become
the legal and beneficial owner of the Shares being repurchased and all
rights and interest therein or related thereto, and the Company shall have
the right to transfer to its own name the number of Shares being
repurchased by the Company, without further action by Purchaser.


(iii) [% SHARES SUB. TO REPURCHASE]% of the Shares shall initially be
subject to the Repurchase Option. [SHARES RELEASED] of the total number of
Shares shall be released from the Repurchase Option on [RELEASE DATE], and
an additional [ADDTL SHARES RELEASED] of the total number of Shares shall
be released from the Repurchase Option on the 1st day of each month
thereafter, until all Shares are released from the Repurchase Option;
provided, however, that such scheduled releases from the Repurchase Option
shall immediately cease as of the Termination Date. Fractional shares shall
be rounded to the nearest whole share.


(b) Right of First Refusal. Before any Shares held by Purchaser or any
transferee of Purchaser (either being sometimes referred to herein as the
“Holder”) may be sold or otherwise transferred (including transfer by gift
or operation of law), the Company or its assignee(s) shall have a right of
first refusal to purchase the Shares on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Section 3(b) (the “Right of First Refusal”).


(i) Notice of Proposed Transfer. The Holder of the Shares shall deliver to
the Company a written notice (the “Notice”) stating: (A) the Holder’s bona
fide intention to sell or otherwise transfer such Shares; (B) the name of
each proposed purchaser or other transferee (“Proposed Transferee”); (C)
the number of Shares to be transferred to each Proposed Transferee; and (D)
the terms and conditions of each proposed sale or transfer. The Holder
shall offer the Shares at the same price (the “Offered Price”) and upon the
same terms (or terms as similar as reasonably possible) to the Company or
its assignee(s).


(ii) Exercise of Right of First Refusal. At any time within 30 days after
receipt of the Notice, the Company and/or its assignee(s) may, by giving
written notice to the Holder, elect to purchase all, but not less than all,
of the Shares proposed to be transferred to any one or more of the Proposed
Transferees, at the purchase price determined in accordance with subsection
(iii) below.


(iii) Purchase Price. The purchase price (“Purchase Price”) for the Shares
purchased by the Company or its assignee(s) under this Section 3(b) shall
be the Offered Price. If the Offered Price includes consideration other
than cash, the cash equivalent value of the non-cash consideration shall be
determined by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith.


(iv) Payment. Payment of the Purchase Price shall be made, at the option of
the Company or its assignee(s), in cash (by check), by cancellation of all
or a portion of any outstanding indebtedness, or by any combination thereof
within 3o days after receipt of the Notice or in the manner and at the
times set forth in the Notice.


(v) Holder’s Right to Transfer. If all of the Shares proposed in the Notice
to be transferred to a given Proposed Transferee are not purchased by the
Company and/or its assignee(s) as provided in this Section 3(b), then the
Holder may sell or otherwise transfer such Shares to that Proposed
Transferee at the Offered Price or at a higher price, provided that such
sale or other transfer is consummated within 60 days after the date of the
Notice and provided further that any such sale or other transfer is
effected in accordance with any applicable securities laws and the Proposed
Transferee agrees in writing that the provisions of this Section 3 shall
continue to apply to the Shares in the hands of such Proposed Transferee.
If the Shares described in the Notice are not transferred to the Proposed
Transferee within such period, or if the Holder proposes to change the
price or other terms to make them more favorable to the Proposed
Transferee, a new Notice shall be given to the Company, and the Company
and/or its assignees shall again be offered the Right of First Refusal
before any Shares held by the Holder may be sold or otherwise transferred.


(vi) Exception for Certain Family Transfers. Anything to the contrary
contained in this Section 3(b) notwithstanding, the transfer of any or all
of the Shares during Purchaser’s lifetime or on Purchaser’s death by will
or intestacy to Purchaser’s Immediate Family or a trust for the benefit of
Purchaser or Purchaser’s Immediate Family shall be exempt from the
provisions of this Section 3(b). “Immediate Family” as used herein shall
mean any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent,
spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, uncle, aunt, mother-in-law,
father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brotherin-law or sister-in-law,
including adoptive relationships, or any person sharing the Purchaser’s
household (other than a tenant or an employee). In such case, the
transferee or other recipient shall receive and hold the Shares so
transferred subject to the provisions of this Section, and there shall be
no further transfer of such Shares except in accordance with the terms of
this Section 3.


(c) Company’s Right to Purchase upon Involuntary Transfer. In the event, at
any time after the date of this Agreement, of any transfer by operation of
law or other involuntary transfer (including divorce or death, but
excluding in the event of death a transfer to Immediate Family as set forth
in Section 3(b)(vi) above of all or a portion of the Shares by the record
holder thereof, the Company shall have the right to purchase all of the
Shares transferred at the greater of the purchase price paid by Purchaser
pursuant to this Agreement or the fair market value of the Shares on the
date of transfer (as determined by the Board of Directors of the Company).
Upon such a transfer, the person acquiring the Shares shall promptly notify
the Secretary of the Company of such transfer. The right to purchase such
Shares shall be provided to the Company for a period of thirty (30) days
following receipt by the Company of written notice by the person acquiring
the Shares.


(d) Assignment. The right of the Company to purchase any part of the Shares
may be assigned in whole or in part to any holder or holders of capital
stock of the Company or other persons or organizations.


(e) Restrictions Binding on Transferees. All transferees of Shares or any
interest therein will receive and hold such Shares or interest subject to
the provisions of this Agreement, including, insofar as applicable, the
Repurchase Option. In the event of any purchase by the Company hereunder
where the Shares or interest are held by a transferee, the transferee shall
be obligated, if requested by the Company, to transfer the Shares or
interest to the Purchaser for consideration equal to the amount to be paid
by the Company hereunder. In the
event the Repurchase Option is deemed exercised by the Company pursuant to
Section 3(a)(ii) hereof, the Company may deem any transferee to have
transferred the Shares or interest to Purchaser prior to their purchase by
the Company, and payment of the purchase price by the Company to such
transferee shall be deemed to satisfy Purchaser’s obligation to pay such
transferee for such Shares or interest and also to satisfy the Company’s
obligation to pay Purchaser for such Shares or interest. Any sale or
transfer of the Shares shall be void unless the provisions of this
Agreement are satisfied.


(f) Termination of Rights. The Right of First Refusal and the Company’s
right to repurchase the Shares in the event of an involuntary transfer
pursuant to Section 3(c) above shall terminate upon the first sale of
Common Stock of the Company to the general public pursuant to a
registration statement filed with and declared effective by the Securities
and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”).


(g) Lock-up Agreement. In connection with the initial public offering of
the Company’s securities and upon request of the Company or the
underwriters managing such offering of the Company’s securities, Purchaser
hereby agrees not to sell, make any short sale of, loan, grant any option
for the purchase of, or otherwise dispose of any securities of the Company
(other than those included in the registration) without the prior written
consent of the Company or such underwriters, as the case may be, for such
period of time (not to exceed 180 days) from the effective date of such
registration as may be requested by the Company or such managing
underwriters and to execute an agreement reflecting the foregoing as may be
requested by the underwriters at the time of the Company’s initial public
offering. [In addition, upon request of the Company or the underwriters
managing a public offering of the Company’s securities (other than the
initial public offering), Purchaser hereby agrees to be bound by similar
restrictions, and to sign a similar agreement, in connection with no more
than one additional registration statement filed within 12 months after the
closing date of the initial public offering, provided that the duration of
the lock-up period with respect to such additional registration shall not
exceed 90 days from the effective date of such additional registration
statement.] [Notwithstanding the foregoing, if during the last 17 days of
the restricted period, the Company issues an earnings release or material
news or a material event relating to the Company occurs, or prior to the
expiration of the restricted period the Company announces that it will
release earnings results during the 16-day period beginning on the last day
of the restricted period, then, upon the request of the managing
underwriter, to the extent required by any FINRA rules, the restrictions
imposed by this subsection shall continue to apply until the end of the
third trading day following the expiration of the 15-day period beginning
on the issuance of the earnings release or the occurrence of the material
news or material event. In no event will the restricted period
extend beyond 216 days after the effective date of the registration
statement.] [Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall use its best
efforts to cause any such agreement to contain a phased release from the
lock-up period contained in the agreement based on the Company’s
achievement of certain performance milestones.] [Any waiver or termination
of the restrictions of any or all of such agreements by the Company or the
underwriters shall apply to all securityholders subject to such agreements
pro rata based on the number of shares subject to such agreements.]


 


4. Escrow of Unvested Shares. For purposes of facilitating the enforcement
of the provisions of Section 3 above, Purchaser agrees, immediately upon
receipt of the certificate(s) for the Shares subject to the Repurchase
Option, to deliver such certificate(s), together with an Assignment
Separate from Certificate in the form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit
A executed by Purchaser and by Purchaser’s spouse (if required for
transfer), in blank, to the Secretary of the Company, or the Secretary’s
designee, to hold such certificate(s) and Assignment Separate from
Certificate in escrow and to take all such actions and to effectuate all
such transfers and/or releases as are in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement. Purchaser hereby acknowledges that the Secretary of the Company,
or the Secretary’s designee, is so appointed as the escrow holder with the
foregoing authorities as a material inducement to make this Agreement and
that said appointment is coupled with an interest and is accordingly
irrevocable. Purchaser agrees that said escrow holder shall not be liable
to any party hereof (or to any other party). The escrow holder may rely
upon any letter, notice or other document executed by any signature
purported to be genuine and may resign at any time. Purchaser agrees that
if the Secretary of the Company, or the Secretary’s designee, resigns as
escrow holder for any or no reason, the Board of Directors of the Company
shall have the power to appoint a successor to serve as escrow holder
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.


 


5. Investment and Taxation Representations. In connection with the purchase
of the Shares, Purchaser represents to the Company the following:


(a) Purchaser is aware of the Company’s business affairs and financial
condition and has acquired sufficient information about the Company to
reach an informed and knowledgeable decision to acquire the Shares.
Purchaser is purchasing the Shares for investment for Purchaser’s own
account only and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, any
“distribution” thereof within the meaning of the Securities Act or under
any applicable provision of state law. Purchaser does not have any present
intention to transfer the Shares to any other person or entity.


(b) Purchaser understands that the Shares have not been registered under
the Securities Act by reason of a specific exemption therefrom, which
exemption depends upon, among other things, the bona fide nature of
Purchaser’s investment intent as expressed herein.


(c) Purchaser understands that the Shares are “restricted securities” under
applicable U.S. federal and state securities laws and that, pursuant to
these laws, Purchaser must hold the Shares indefinitely unless they are
registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission and qualified by
state authorities, or an exemption from such registration and qualification
requirements is available. Purchaser acknowledges that the Company has no
obligation to register or qualify the Shares for resale. Purchaser further
acknowledges that if an exemption from registration or qualification is
available, it may be conditioned on various requirements including, but not
limited to, the time and manner of sale, the holding period for the Shares,
and requirements relating to the Company which are outside of the
Purchaser’s control, and which the Company is under no obligation and may
not be able to satisfy.


(d) Purchaser understands that Purchaser may suffer adverse tax
consequences as a result of Purchaser’s purchase or disposition of the
Shares. Purchaser represents that Purchaser has consulted any tax
consultants Purchaser deems advisable in connection with the purchase or
disposition of the Shares and that Purchaser is not relying on the Company
for any tax advice.


 


6. Restrictive Legends and Stop-Transfer Orders.


(a) Legends. The certificate or certificates representing the Shares shall
bear the following legends (as well as any legends required by applicable
state and federal corporate and securities laws):


(i) “THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AND HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND NOT WITH
A VIEW TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE SALE OR DISTRIBUTION THEREOF. NO SUCH
SALE OR DISTRIBUTION MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT RELATED THERETO OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN A FORM SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933.”


(ii) “THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE MAY BE TRANSFERRED ONLY IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE
STOCKHOLDER, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE WITH AND MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE
SECRETARY OF THE COMPANY.”


(iii) Any legend required to be placed thereon by the California
Commissioner of Corporations.


(b) Stop-Transfer Notices. Purchaser agrees that, in order to ensure
compliance with the restrictions referred to herein, the Company may issue
appropriate “stop transfer” instructions to its transfer agent, if any, and
that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate
notations to the same effect in its own records.


(c) Refusal to Transfer. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer
on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in
violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or (ii) to treat as
owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any
purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares shall have been so
transferred.


(d) Removal of Legend. When all of the following events have occurred, the
Shares then held by Purchaser will no longer be subject to the legend
referred to in Section 6(a)(ii) above: (i) the termination of the Right of
First Refusal; and (ii) the expiration or termination of the market
standoff provisions of Section 3(g) (and of any agreement entered pursuant
to Section 3(g); and (iii) the expiration or exercise in full of the
Repurchase Option. After such time, and upon Purchaser’s request, a new
certificate or certificates representing the Shares not repurchased shall
be issued without the legend referred to in Section 6(a)(ii) above, and
delivered to Purchaser.


 


7. No Employment Rights. Nothing in this Agreement shall affect in any
manner whatsoever the right or power of the Company, or a Parent or
Subsidiary of the Company, to terminate Purchaser’s employment or
consulting relationship, for any reason, with or without cause.


 


8. Section 83(b) Election. Purchaser understands that Section 83(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), taxes as ordinary
income the difference between the amount paid for the Shares and the fair
market value of the Shares as of the date any restrictions on the Shares
lapse. In this context, “restriction” means the right of the Company to buy
back the Shares pursuant to the Repurchase Option set forth in Section 3(a)
of this Agreement. Purchaser understands that Purchaser may elect to be
taxed at the time the Shares are purchased, rather than when and as the
Repurchase Option expires, by filing an election under Section 83(b) (an
“83(b) Election”) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within 30
days from the date of purchase. Even if the fair market value of the Shares
at the time of the execution of this Agreement equals the amount paid for
the Shares, the election must be made to avoid income under Section 83(a)
in the future. Purchaser understands that failure to file such an election
in a timely manner may result in adverse tax consequences for Purchaser.
Purchaser further understands that an additional copy of such election form
should be filed with Purchaser’s federal income tax return for the calendar
year in which the date of this Agreement falls. Purchaser acknowledges that
the foregoing is only a summary of the effect of United States federal
income taxation with respect to purchase of the Shares hereunder, does not
purport to be complete, and is not intended or written to be used, and
cannot be used, for the purposes of avoiding taxpayer penalties. Purchaser
further acknowledges that the Company has directed Purchaser to seek
independent advice regarding the applicable provisions of the Code, the
income tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign country in which
Purchaser may reside, and the tax consequences of Purchaser’s death.


Purchaser agrees that he will execute and deliver to the Company with this
executed Agreement a copy of the Acknowledgment and Statement of Decision
Regarding Section 83(b) Election (the “Acknowledgment”), attached hereto as
Exhibit B. Purchaser further agrees that Purchaser will execute and submit
with the Acknowledgment a copy of the 83(b) Election, attached hereto as
Exhibit C, if Purchaser has indicated in the Acknowledgment Purchaser’s
decision to make such an election.


 


9. Certain Defined Terms.


(a) “Affiliate” means an entity other than a Subsidiary which, together
with the Company, is under common control of a third person or entity.


(b) “Consultant” means any person, including an advisor but not an
Employee, who is engaged by the Company, or any Parent, Subsidiary or
Affiliate, to render services (other than capital-raising services) and is
compensated for such services, and any Director whether compensated for
such services or not.


(c) “Continuous Service Status” means the absence of any interruption or
termination of service as an Employee or Consultant. Continuous Service
Status as an Employee or Consultant shall not be considered interrupted or
terminated in the case of: (i) Company approved sick leave; (ii) military
leave; (iii) any other bona fide leave of absence approved by the Company,
provided that such leave is for a period of not more than ninety (90) days,
unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is guaranteed by
contract or statute, or unless provided otherwise pursuant to a written
Company policy. Also, Continuous Service Status as an Employee or
Consultant shall not be considered interrupted or terminated in the case of
a transfer between locations of the Company or between the Company, its
Parents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or their respective successors, or a
change in status from an Employee to a Consultant or from a Consultant to
an Employee.


(d) “Director” means a member of the Board of Directors of the Company.


(e) “Disability” means “disability” within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3)
of the Code.


(f) “Employee” means any person employed by the Company, or any Parent,
Subsidiary or Affiliate, with the status of employment determined pursuant
to such factors as are deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors of the
Company in its sole discretion, subject to any requirements of applicable
laws, including the Code. The payment by the Company of a director’s fee
shall not be sufficient to constitute “employment” of such director by the
Company or any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.


(g) “Parent” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken
chain of corporations ending with the Company if each of the corporations
other than the Company owns stock possessing 50% or more of the total
combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
corporations in such chain.


(h) “Subsidiary” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the
corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain owns
stock possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain.


 


10. [Change of Control Acceleration. [Single Trigger Acceleration:
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the vesting of the Shares shall accelerate
such that the Repurchase Option in Section 3(a) shall lapse as to [LAPSE
%]% of the Shares then unvested, effective as of immediately prior to
consummation of a Triggering Event (as defined below).] OR [Double Trigger
Acceleration: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Purchaser is Involuntarily
Terminated (as defined below) by the Successor Corporation (as defined
below) in connection with or within [# MONTHS] month(s) following the
consummation of a Triggering Event (as defined below), then the vesting of
any Shares subject to the Repurchase Option that was assumed by the
successor corporation resulting from such Triggering Event or a parent or
subsidiary of such successor corporation (the “Successor Corporation”) that
are held by the Purchaser at the time of termination shall accelerate such
that any repurchase right of the Company to which the Successor Corporation
has succeeded as a result of the Triggering Event shall lapse as to the
number of Shares as to which such repurchase right would otherwise have
lapsed as of the date [# OF MONTHS] month(s) from the date of termination
of all services by Purchaser to the Successor Corporation in any capacity,
including without limitation as an employee, consultant or member of the
Board of Directors (the “Services”). The acceleration of vesting and lapse
of repurchase rights provided for in the previous sentence shall occur
immediately prior to the effective date of termination of the Services.]


[Double Trigger Acceleration: For purposes of this Agreement, Purchaser
shall be deemed to have been “Involuntarily Terminated” if (1) the Company
(or a successor, if appropriate) terminates his service as an employee or a
consultant without Cause other than for death or Disability, or (2) if
Purchaser is not an employee or consultant of the Company (or a successor,
if appropriate) at the time of consummation of the Triggering Event,
Purchaser is removed from, or is not reelected to, the Board of Directors
of the Company (or a successor, as appropriate) without Cause other than
for death or Disability[, or (3) Purchaser resigns within sixty (60) days
of any of the following events: (A) a material reduction in Purchaser’s job
position (which shall include a material reduction, without Purchaser’s
consent, in the title and position of the person to whom Purchaser
reports), responsibilities or duties, provided that neither a mere change
in title alone nor reassignment following a Triggering Event to a position
that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the transaction
shall constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities; (B) without
Purchaser’s prior written consent, the Company (or a successor, if
appropriate) requires him to relocate to a facility or location more than
fifty (50) miles away from the location at which he was working immediately
prior to the required relocation; or (C) a reduction of more than ten
percent (10%) in his then-current base salary (other than as part of an
across-the-board, proportional salary reduction applicable to all
executive officers)].]


[Double Trigger Acceleration: As used herein, “Cause” for the Company (or a
successor, if appropriate) to terminate Purchaser’s employment shall exist
under the following conditions:


(i) Purchaser’s willful failure to perform his or her duties and
responsibilities to the Company (or a successor, if appropriate);


(ii) Purchaser’s commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty
or any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected
to result in material injury to the Company (or a successor, if
appropriate);


(iii) Purchaser’s material unauthorized use or disclosure of any
proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company (or a successor, if
appropriate) or any other party to whom Purchaser owes an obligation of
nondisclosure as a result of Purchaser’s relationship with the Company (or
a successor, if appropriate); or


(iv) Purchaser’s material breach of any of Purchaser’s obligations under
any written agreement or covenant with the Company (or a successor, if
appropriate).]


[Either Single or Double Trigger Acceleration: As used herein, “Triggering
Event” means:


(i) a sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the
Company’s assets other than to (A) a corporation or other entity of which
at least a majority of its combined voting power is owned directly or
indirectly by the Company, (B) a corporation or other entity owned directly
or indirectly by the holders of capital stock of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Common Stock, or
(C) an Excluded Entity (as defined in subsection (ii) below); or


(ii) any merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction of
the Company with or into another corporation, entity or person, other than
a transaction with or into another corporation, entity or person in which
the holders of at least a majority of the shares of voting capital stock of
the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to
hold (either by such shares remaining outstanding in the continuing entity
or by their being converted into shares of voting capital stock of the
surviving entity) a majority of the total voting power represented by the
shares of voting capital stock of the Company (or the surviving entity)
outstanding immediately after such transaction (an “Excluded Entity”).


Notwithstanding anything stated herein, a transaction shall not constitute
a “Triggering Event” if its sole purpose is to change the state of the
Company’s incorporation, or to create a holding company that will be owned
in substantially the same proportions by the persons who hold the Company’s
securities immediately before such transaction. For clarity, the term
“Triggering Event” as defined herein shall not include stock sale
transactions whether by the Company or by the holders of capital stock.]]


 


11. Miscellaneous.


(a) Governing Law. This Agreement and all acts and transactions pursuant
hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall be
governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of [California], without giving effect to principles of conflicts of
law.


(b) Entire Agreement; Enforcement of Rights. This Agreement sets forth the
entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject
matter herein and merges all prior discussions between them. No
modification of or amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any
rights under this Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by
the parties to this Agreement. The failure by either party to enforce any
rights under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any
rights of such party.


(c) Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to
be unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate
such provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a
mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (i)
such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (ii) the balance of
the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded
and (iii) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance
with its terms.


(d) Construction. This Agreement is the result of negotiations between and
has been reviewed by each of the parties hereto and their respective
counsel, if any; accordingly, this Agreement shall be deemed to be the
product of all of the parties hereto, and no ambiguity shall be construed
in favor of or against any one of the parties hereto.


(e) Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in
writing and shall be deemed sufficient upon delivery, when delivered
personally or by overnight courier or sent by email or fax (upon customary
confirmation of receipt), or forty-eight (48) hours after being deposited
in the U.S. mail as certified or registered mail with postage prepaid,
addressed to the party to be notified at such party’s address or fax number
as set forth on the signature page or as subsequently modified by written
notice.


(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
together shall constitute one instrument.


(g) Successors and Assigns. The rights and benefits of this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company’s successors and
assigns. The rights and obligations of Purchaser under this Agreement may
only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.


(h) [California Corporate Securities Law. THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES WHICH
ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS AGREEMENT HAS NOT BEEN QUALIFIED WITH THE
COMMISSIONER OF CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND THE ISSUANCE OF
THE SECURITIES OR THE PAYMENT OR RECEIPT OF ANY PART OF THE CONSIDERATION
THEREFOR PRIOR TO THE QUALIFICATION IS UNLAWFUL, UNLESS THE SALE OF
SECURITIES IS EXEMPT FROM QUALIFICATION BY SECTION 25100, 25102 OR 25105 OF
THE CALIFORNIA CORPORATIONS CODE. THE RIGHTS OF ALL PARTIES TO THIS
AGREEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON THE QUALIFICATION BEING OBTAINED,
UNLESS THE SALE IS SO EXEMPT.]


 


The parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first set forth
above. 


THE COMPANY:


[[COMPANY NAME]]


By: [COMPANY SIGNATURE]
(Signature)


Name: [NAME]
Title: [TITLE]


Address:
[ADDRESS] 
Attn: Chief Executive Officer
Fax: [FAX]
email: [EMAIL]


PURCHASER:


[[PURCHASER NAME]] 


By: [PURCHASER SIGNATURE]
(Signature)


Name: [PURCHASER CONTACT NAME]
Title: [PURCHASER CONTACT TITLE]


Address: 
[PURCHASER ADDRESS] 
Fax: [PURCHASER FAX]
email: [PURCHASER EMAIL]


 


I, [SPOUSE], spouse of [PURCHASER CONTACT NAME] (“Purchaser”), have read
and hereby approve the foregoing Agreement. In consideration of the
Company’s granting my spouse the right to purchase the Shares as set forth
in the Agreement, I hereby agree to be irrevocably bound by the Agreement
and further agree that any community property or similar interest that I
may have in the Shares shall be similarly bound by the Agreement. I hereby
appoint my spouse as my attorney-in-fact with respect to any amendment or
exercise of any rights under the Agreement.


                                       [SPOUSE OF PURCHASER (IF APPLICABLE)]
                                         Spouse of Purchaser (if applicable)


  


[Suggested Documents to Include as Exhibits/Attachments:


Exhibit A: Assignement Seperate From Certificate
Exhibit B: Acknowledgement and Statement of Decision Regarding Sectuion
83(b) Election
Exhibit C: Election Under Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986
Exhibit D:  Form of Assignment of Technology Agreement
Exhibit D (Cont'd): Form of Patent Assignement
Exhibit D (Cont'd): Bill of Sale
Receipt
Reciept and Consent]

