
|Numbe|CS-[STOCK CERT. NO.]|
|r    |                    |

|* [NO. OF SHARES]|Shar|
|*                |es  |


                               [COMPANY NAME]
                           A Delaware Corporation


This certifies that [STOCK HOLDER] is the record holder of [NO. OF SHARES
(WRITTEN IN TEXT)]         ([NO. OF SHARES- WRITTEN IN NUMERICAL FORM])
shares of Common Stock of [COMPANY NAME], a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), transferable only on the books of the Company by the holder, in
person, or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this certificate
properly endorsed or assigned.


This certificate and the shares represented hereby are issued and shall be
held subject to all the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and
the Bylaws of the Company and any amendments thereto, to all of which the
holder of this certificate, by acceptance hereof, assents.


A statement of all of the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
granted to or imposed upon the respective classes and/or series of shares
of stock of the Company and upon the holders thereof may be obtained by any
stockholder upon request and without charge, at the principal office of the
Company, and the Company will furnish any stockholder, upon request and
without charge, a copy of such statement.


In Witness Whereof, the Company has caused this certificate to be signed by
its duly authorized officers on [DATE].



[OFFICER 3], Secretary


[OFFICER 1], President



For value received [STOCK HOLDER] hereby sells, assigns and transfers
unto[STOCK RECIPIENT] [NUMBER OF SHARES (TEXT)] shares represented by the
written Certificate and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint
[APPOINTEE] attorney to transfer the said shares on the share register of
the within named Corporation with full power of substitution in the
premises.


Dated [DATE]


The securities represented hereby have not been registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, and have been acquired for investment and not with
a view to, or in connection with, the sale or distribution thereof. No such
sale or distribution may be effected without an effective Registration
Statement related thereto or an opinion of counsel in a form satisfactory
to the Company that such registration is not required under the Securities
Act of 1933.


The shares represented by this Certificate may be transferred only in
accordance with the Terms of an agreement between the Company and the
stockholder, a copy of which is on file with and may be obtained from the
secretary of the Company.


The sale, pledge, hypothecation or transfer of the securities represented
by this certificate is subject to the Terms and Conditions of a certain
Right of First Refusal and Co-Sale Agreement by and between the Holder, the
Corporation and certain holders of common and preferred Stock of the
Corporation. Copies of such Agreement may be otained upon written request
to the secretary of the Corporation.


The shares evidenced hereby are subject to the Terms and Conditions of a
Voting Agreement by and among the Company and certain Stockholders of the
Company (a copy of which may be obtained from the Company) which places
certain restrictions on the voting of the shares evidenced hereby. Any
person accepting any interest in such shares shall be deemed to agree to
and shall become bound by all the provisions of said Voting Agreement.

