
Project DESIGN CONTRACT


Client: [CLIENT NAME]


Primary Contact: [CONTACT NAME & EMAIL ADDRESS]


Project: [PROJECT NAME]


Designer: Marc Sofield


Invoice #: [INVOICE #]


This contract is an offer by Designer to Client made on [DATE] for Designer
to provide creative Work as requested by Client.


1. Work


Client requests Designer to create [ENTER A DESCRIPTION OF THE WORK HERE].
Work includes only the final, deliverable art, and not any preliminary Work
or sketches.


2. Payment


50% of the total fee is required before any services will be rendered, and
the remaining 50% is payable within 7 business days of receipt. A $50
service charge is payable on all overdue balances for reissuing each
invoice at 30, 45, and 60 days from the date of original invoice. The grant
of any license or right of copyright is conditioned on receipt of full
payment.


3. Estimates


The fees and expenses shown are minimum estimates only unless a firm quote
or an hourly fee has been agreed upon. That fee will be $40 per hour and
Designer shall provide the Client of a tally of hours within a reasonable
period of time upon request. Final fees and expenses shall be shown when
invoice is rendered. The fees and expenses shown are minimum estimates only
unless the quote and/or invoice is clearly marked “Firm Quote.” Otherwise,
the previously stated hourly fee will be payable on all time over that
which was quoted with a minimum in 30 minute increments.


4. Grant of Rights


Designer agrees to the perpetual license of the right to display and
transmit Work to Client, excluding the right to authorship credit,
modification, and resell, which is retained by Designer. Designer agrees
that Work is produced with the intent it be unique and will not seek to
resell or publish Work, except as noted below.


5. Designer’s Right to Authorship Credit


Designer may use Work in Designer’s portfolio (including, but not limited
to, any website that displays Designer’s Works). Client does not have to
display Designer’s name together with Work, unless being described with any
editorial usage, but Client may not seek to mislead others that Work was
created by anyone other than Designer.


6. Cancellation


The fee for Work is refundable pending only upon Designer’s breach of
contract. In the event of cancellation of this assignment, ownership of all
copyrights and the original artwork shall be retained by the Designer, and
a cancellation fee for work completed, shall be paid by the Client. If the
project is on an hourly basis the and project is canceled by Client, Client
agrees to pay no less than 100% of the hours already billed for the project
at the time of cancellation plus a flat fee of 50% the remaining hours that
were expected to be completed on the project, whichever is greater. If the
project has a firm quote, Client agrees to pay a flat fee 15% of the total
quote.


7. Limitation of Liability


Client agrees that Designer will not be liable for any incidental or
consequential damages that arise from Designer’s performance of this
commission (including, but not limited to, failure to perform in a timely
manner, regardless of whether the failure was intentional or negligent.)


8. Dispute Settled by Arbitration, and Governing Law


Any dispute under or about this Agreement must be submitted to and resolved
by arbitration through the arbitration services located at Internet URL
http://www.judge.me. Parties will bear their own costs. Any court may
enforce the arbitration award. This Agreement will be governed by the laws
of Missouri, in the country of the United States of America.


9. Acceptance of terms


The action of the sending and receipt of this agreement via electronic
method will hold both parties in acceptance of these terms. Designer as
sender and Client as recipient will acknowledge acceptance of these terms
either through an e-mail noting acceptance or acceptance is acknowledged at
the beginning of any work on said project. Electronic signatures shall be
considered legal and binding.


Client:[SIGNATURE], on [DATE] (date)

