
compositE deed form showing comparison of deed clauses and forms


A. Full Covenant Deed


B. Warranty Deed


C. Bargain and Sale Deed


D. Quitclaim Deed


E. Executor's Deed


F. Correction Deed


date and parties


A, B, C, D, F THIS INDENTURE made the _____ day of __________, 19___,
BETWEEN _________________________, residing at _________________________,
party of the first part, and ____________________, residing at
____________________, party of the second part,


E THIS INDENTURE made the _____ day of __________, 19___, BETWEEN
_________________________, residing at __________________________, as
Executor of the Estate of ______________________________, late of the City
and County of Albany, deceased, party of the First Part, and
_________________________, residing at ______________________________,
party of the second part.


RECItal and granting of clause


A, B, C, F WITNESSETH, that the party of the first part, in consideration
of ten dollars and other valuable consideration paid by the party of the
second part, does hereby grant and release unto the party of the second
part, the heirs or successors and assigns of the party of the second part
forever,


D WITNESSETH, that the party of the first part, in consideration of ten
dollars paid by the party of the second part, does hereby remise, release
and quitclaim unto the party of the second part, the heirs or successors
and assigns of the party of the second part forever,


E WITNESSETH, that the party of the first part, by virtue of the power and
authority given in and by said last will and testament, and/or by article
11 of the Estates, Powers and Trusts Law, and in consideration of [recite
exact consideration paid by the party of the second part], does hereby
grant and release unto the party of the second part, the distributees or
successors and assigns of the party of the second part forever,


description


ALL All that certain plot, piece or parcel of land, with the buildings and
improvements thereon situate lying and being in the


[enter description of property]


.


street clause


ALL Together with all right, title and interest, if any, of the party of
the first part (or "decedent" if an Executor's Deed) in and to any streets
and roads abutting the above described premises to the centerlines thereof.


being or same as clause


A, B, C, D Being the same premises conveyed to the party of the first part
by _______________ by deed dated __________ and recorded in the __________
County Clerk's Office on __________ in Book _____ of Deeds, page _____.


E Being the same premises conveyed to decedent by _______________ by deed
dated __________ and recorded in the __________ County Clerk's Office on
__________ in Book _____ of Deeds, page _____, decedent having died a
resident of __________ County on __________ leaving a last will and
testament which was admitted to probate in __________ County Surrogate's
Court on __________ with letters testamentary being issued to the party of
the first part.


F The premises above described are the same as conveyed or intended to be
conveyed by a prior deed between the same parties hereto, dated __________,
and recorded in the __________ County Clerk's Office on __________, in Book
_____ of Deeds at page _____, wherein the third course in the legal
description was stated as "S 20 10' E" rather than "S 20 10' W" as herein
above stated, and this deed is accordingly a Correction Deed given for the
purpose of correcting the third course in said description and confirming
the title thereby intended to be conveyed by the aforesaid deed dated
__________.


exception


ALL Excepting from the above described premises a strip of land [enter
description of premises being excepted] heretofore conveyed to
_______________ on __________ by deed dated __________ and recorded in the
__________ County Clerk's Office on __________ in Book _____ of Deeds at
page _____.


reservation


ALL Reserving to the party of the first part herein an easement [enter
description of premises being reserved].


subject clauses


Mortgage (No Assumption)


ALL Subject to a mortgage held by ____________________ dated __________
recorded in the __________ County Clerk's Office on __________ in Book
_____ of Mortgages at page _____.


Mortgage (Assumption)


ALL Subject to an indebtedness secured by a mortgage upon said premises
held by ______________________________, and recorded in the __________
County Clerk's Office on __________ in Book _____ of Mortgages at page
_____, on which there is an unpaid principal of $__________ with interest
from __________ at the rate of _____% per annum, which said mortgage debt
the party of the second part hereby assumes and agrees to pay as part of
the purchase price of the above described premises, and the party of the
second part hereby executes and acknowledges this instrument for the
purpose of complying with the provisions of section 5-705 of the General
Obligations Law.


Easements, Covenants, Etc.


ALL This conveyance is made subject to all covenants, restrictions,
conditions and easements of record.


Unrecorded Agreements


ALL This conveyance is made subject to all existing leases and tenancies
whether oral or written, and to the right of the owner of the real property
adjacent to the above described premises on the north to use the well
located in the northeast corner of the above described property. (NOTE:
This clause should prompt purchaser to inquire further as to extent of
these encumbrances.)


appurtenance clause


A, B, C, D, F TOGETHER with the appurtenances and all the estate and rights
of the party of the first part in and to said premises.


E TOGETHER with the appurtenances, and also the estate which the said
decedent has at the time of his decease in said premises, and also the
estate therein which the party of the first part has or has power to convey
or dispose of, whether individually or by virtue of said will or otherwise.


habendum clause


ALL TO HAVE AND TO HOLD the premises herein granted unto the party of the
second part, the heirs or successors and assigns of the party of the second
part forever.


covenants


A AND the party of the first part covenants as follows:


B (only italicized text) that said party of the first part is seized of the
said premises in fee simple, and has good right to convey the same; "that
the party of the second part shall quietly enjoy said premises"; that the
said premises are free from encumbrances, except as aforesaid; that the
party of the first part will execute or procure any further necessary
assurance of the title to said premises; and "that said party of the first
part will forever warrant the title to said premises."


C (optional), E AND the party of the first part covenants that the party of
the first part has not done or suffered anything whereby the said premises
have been encumbered in any way whatever, except as aforesaid.


D NONE


trust clause


ALL AND the party of the first part, in compliance with section 13 of the
Lien Law, covenants that the party of the first part will receive the
consideration for this conveyance and will hold the right to receive such
consideration as a trust fund to be applied first for the purpose of paying
the cost of the improvement and will apply the same first to the payment of
the cost of the improvement before using any part of the total of the same
for any other purpose.


witness clause


ALL IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the party of the first part has duly executed this
deed the day and year first above written.


In presence of:


signatures


Individual /s/____________________


[party of the first part]


Partnership XYZ Associates*


by ____________________


General Partner


Corporation ABC Corp.


by ____________________


President


Attorney-in-Fact John Jones


by ____________________


Atty-in-Fact


Guardian Edward Brown, an infant


by ____________________


General Guardian


Executor _______________________


As Executor under Last Will &


Testament of John Doe, deceased


his


By Mark John ( ) Doe


mark


Witness to Mark ____________________________


____________________________


acknowledgments


INDIVIDUAL (even when signing with a mark)


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, nineteen hundred and __________, before me
came __________, to me known to be the individual described in, and who
executed, the foregoing instrument, and acknowledge that he executed the
same.


______________________________


Notary Public


PARTNERSHIP*


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
____________________, to me known to be the person who executed the
foregoing instrument and who being duly sworn by me, did depose and say
that he is a member of the firm of ______________________________, and that
he executed the foregoing instrument in the firm name of
______________________________, and that he had authority to sign the same,
and he acknowledged to me that he executed the same as the act and deed of
said firm for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.


______________________________


Notary Public


CORPORATION with seal


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of _____, in the year one thousand nine hundred and
__________, before me personally came ____________________, to me known,
who by me being duly sworn, did depose and say that he resides at No.
__________; that he is the __________ of ____________________, the
corporation described in, and which executed, the above instrument; that he
knows the seal of said corporation; that the seal affixed to said
instrument is such corporate seal; that it was affixed by order of the
Board of Directors of said corporation; and that he signed his name thereto
by like order.


______________________________


Notary Public


CORPORATION with no seal


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
____________________, to me known, who being by me duly sworn, did depose
and say that he resides at ____________________, that he is the
[president/other officer/director] of the ____________________, the
corporation described in and which executed the above instrument; and that
he signed his name thereto by order of the board of directors of said
corporation.


______________________________


Notary Public


ATTORNEY-IN-FACT


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
____________________, to me personally known to be the person described and
appointed attorney-in-fact in and by a certain power of attorney executed
by ____________________, dated __________, 19____ (or to be recorded in the
Office of the __________ of __________ County simultaneously with the
foregoing instrument), and acknowledged to me that he had executed the
foregoing instrument as the act of the said ____________________.


______________________________


Notary Public


GUARDIAN


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
______________________________, to me known and known to me to be the
Guardian of ____________________, an infant, and to be the individual
described in and who executed the foregoing instrument as such guardian as
aforesaid, and he then and there duly acknowledged to me that he had
executed the same, as the act and deed of such infant and such guardian and
for the uses and purposes mentioned therein.


______________________________


Notary Public


COMMITTEE


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
____________________, to me known as the individual described in and who
executed the foregoing instrument and known to me to be the committee of
____________________, an incompetent, the individual described in and who
by said committee executed the foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me
that he executed the same as the act and deed of the incompetent pursuant
to the order of the Supreme Court of __________ County therein recited.


______________________________


Notary Public


SUBSCRIBING WITNESS


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
____________________, the subscribing witness to the foregoing instrument,
with whom I am personally acquainted, who, being by me duly sworn, did
depose and say that he resides at No. __________; that he knows
____________________ to be the individual described in and who executed the
foregoing instrument; that he, said subscribing witness, was present and
saw said ____________________ execute the same; and that he, said witness,
at the time subscribed his/her name as witness thereto.


______________________________


Notary Public


PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVE


State of New York )


) ss.:


County of __________ )


On this _____ day of __________, 19_____, before me personally came
____________________, to me known to be the [executor of the last will and
testament of ____________________, late of __________ County, deceased; or,
administrator of the goods, chattels and credits of ____________________,
late of __________ County, deceased] and known to me to be the person
described in and who executed the foregoing instrument and acknowledged
that he executed the same as such [executor/administrator].


______________________________


Notary Public

