

                                [COMPANY NAME]


                        CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND
                       INVENTION ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT





[EMPLOYEE NAME]


[EFFECTIVE DATE] 


 


As a condition of my becoming employed (or my employment being continued)
by [COMPANY NAME], a Delaware corporation, or any of its current or future
subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns (collectively, the
“Company”), and in consideration of my employment with the Company and my
receipt of the compensation now and hereafter paid to me by the Company, I
agree to the following:


   1. Relationship.  This Agreement will apply to my employment relationship
      with the Company.  If that relationship ends and the Company, within a
      year thereafter, either reemploys me or engages me as a consultant, I
      agree that this Agreement will also apply to such later employment or
      consulting relationship, unless the Company and I otherwise agree in
      writing.  Any such employment or consulting relationship between the
      Company and me, whether commenced prior to, upon or after the date of
      this Agreement, is referred to herein as the “Relationship.”
   2. Duties.  I will perform for the Company such duties as may be 
      designated by the Company from time to time or that are otherwise
      within the scope of the Relationship and not contrary to instructions
      from the Company.  During the Relationship, I will devote my entire
      best business efforts to the interests of the Company and will not
      engage in other employment or in any activities detrimental to the
      best interests of the Company without the prior written consent of the
      Company.
   3. Confidential Information.
        1. Protection of Information.  I agree, at all times during the
           term of the Relationship and thereafter, to hold in strictest
           confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the
           Company to the extent necessary to perform my obligations to the
           Company under the Relationship, and not to disclose to any
           person, firm, corporation or other entity, without written
           authorization from the Company in each instance, any
           Confidential Information (as defined below) that I obtain,
           access or create during the term of the Relationship, whether or
           not during working hours, until such Confidential Information
           becomes publicly and widely known and made generally available
           through no wrongful act of mine or of others who were under
           confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved.  I
           further agree not to make copies of such Confidential
           Information except as authorized by the Company.
        2. Confidential Information.  I understand that “Confidential
           Information” means information and physical material not
           generally known or available outside the Company and information
           and physical material entrusted to the Company in confidence by
           third parties.  Confidential Information includes, without
           limitation:  (i) Company Inventions (as defined below); (ii)
           technical data, trade secrets, know-how, research, product or
           service ideas or plans, software codes and designs,
           developments, inventions, laboratory notebooks, processes,
           formulas, techniques, biological materials, mask works,
           engineering designs and drawings, hardware configuration
           information, lists of, or information relating to, employees and
           consultants of the Company (including, but not limited to, the
           names, contact information, jobs, compensation, and expertise of
           such employees and consultants), lists of, or information
           relating to, suppliers and customers (including, but not limited
           to, customers of the Company on whom I called or with whom I
           became acquainted during the Relationship), price lists, pricing
           methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing plans,
           licenses, contract information, business plans, financial
           forecasts, historical financial data, budgets or other business
           information disclosed to me by the Company either directly or
           indirectly, whether in writing, electronically, orally, or by
           observation.
        3. Third Party Information.  My agreements in this Section 3 are
           intended to be for the benefit of the Company and any third
           party that has entrusted information or physical material to the
           Company in confidence.
        4. Other Rights.  This Agreement is intended to supplement, and not
           to supersede, any rights the Company may have in law or equity
           with respect to the protection of trade secrets or confidential
           or proprietary information.
   4. Ownership of Inventions.
        1. Inventions Retained and Licensed.  I have attached hereto,
           as Exhibit A, a complete list describing with particularity all
           Inventions (as defined below) that, as of the Effective Date,
           belong solely to me or belong to me jointly with others, and
           that relate in any way to any of the Company’s proposed
           businesses, products or research and development, and which are
           not assigned to the Company hereunder; or, if no such list is
           attached, I represent that there are no such Inventions at the
           time of signing this Agreement.
        2. Use or Incorporation of Inventions.  If in the course of the
           Relationship, I use or incorporate into a product, process or
           machine any Invention not covered by Section 4.4 of this
           Agreement in which I have an interest, I will promptly so inform
           the Company.  Whether or not I give such notice, I hereby
           irrevocably grant to the Company a nonexclusive, fully paid-up,
           royalty-free, assumable, perpetual, worldwide license, with
           right to transfer and to sublicense, to practice and exploit
           such Invention and to make, have made, copy, modify, make
           derivative works of, use, sell, import, and otherwise distribute
           under all applicable intellectual properties without restriction
           of any kind.
        3. Inventions.  I understand that “Inventions” means discoveries,
           developments, concepts, designs, ideas, know how, improvements,
           inventions, trade secrets and/or original works of authorship,
           whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally
           protectable.  I understand this includes, but is not limited to,
           any new product, machine, article of manufacture, biological
           material, method, procedure, process, technique, use, equipment,
           device, apparatus, system, compound, formulation, composition of
           matter, design or configuration of any kind, or any improvement
           thereon.  I understand that “Company Inventions” means any and
           all Inventions that I may solely or jointly author, discover,
           develop, conceive, or reduce to practice during the period of
           the Relationship, except as otherwise provided in Section 4.7
           below.
        4. Assignment of Company Inventions.  I agree that I will promptly
           make full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust
           for the sole right and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign
           to the Company, or its designee, all my right, title and
           interest throughout the world in and to any and all Company
           Inventions.  I further acknowledge that all Company Inventions
           that are made by me (solely or jointly with others) within the
           scope of and during the period of the Relationship are “works
           made for hire” (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable
           law) and are compensated by my salary.  I hereby waive and
           irrevocably quitclaim to the Company or its designee any and all
           claims, of any nature whatsoever, that I now have or may
           hereafter have for infringement of any and all Company
           Inventions. 
        5. Maintenance of Records.  I agree to keep and maintain adequate
           and current written records of all Company Inventions made by me
           (solely or jointly with others) during the term of the
           Relationship.  The records may be in the form of notes,
           sketches, drawings, flow charts, electronic data or recordings,
           laboratory notebooks, or any other format.  The records will be
           available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all
           times.  I agree not to remove such records from the Company’s
           place of business except as expressly permitted by Company
           policy which may, from time to time, be revised at the sole
           election of the Company for the purpose of furthering the
           Company’s business.  I agree to deliver all such records
           (including any copies thereof) to the Company at the time of
           termination of the Relationship as provided for in Sections 5
           and 6.
        6. Patent and Copyright Rights.  I agree to assist the Company, or
           its designee, at its expense, in every proper way to secure the
           Company’s, or its designee’s, rights in the Company Inventions
           and any copyrights, patents, trademarks, mask work rights, moral
           rights, or other intellectual property rights relating thereto
           in any and all countries, including the disclosure to the
           Company or its designee of all pertinent information and data
           with respect thereto, the execution of all applications,
           specifications, oaths, assignments, recordations, and all other
           instruments which the Company or its designee shall deem
           necessary in order to apply for, obtain, maintain and transfer
           such rights, or if not transferable, waive such rights, and in
           order to assign and convey to the Company or its designee, and
           any successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive
           right, title and interest in and to such Company Inventions, and
           any copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual
           property rights relating thereto.  I further agree that my
           obligation to execute or cause to be executed, when it is in my
           power to do so, any such instrument or papers shall continue
           during and at all times after the end of the Relationship and
           until the expiration of the last such intellectual property
           right to expire in any country of the world.  I hereby
           irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly
           authorized officers and agents as my agent and attorney-in-fact,
           to act for and in my behalf and stead to execute and file any
           such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to
           further the application for, prosecution, issuance, maintenance
           or transfer of letters of patents, copyright, mask work and
           other registrations related to such Company Inventions.  This
           power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall not be
           affected by my subsequent incapacity.
        7. Exception to Assignments.  I understand that the Company
           Inventions will not include, and the provisions of this
           Agreement requiring assignment of inventions to the Company do
           not apply to, any invention which qualifies fully for exclusion
           under the provisions of applicable state law, if any, attached
           hereto as Exhibit B.  In order to assist in the determination of
           which inventions qualify for such exclusion, I will advise the
           Company promptly in writing, during and after the term of the
           Relationship, of all Inventions solely or jointly conceived or
           developed or reduced to practice by me during the period of the
           Relationship.
   5. Company Property; Returning Company Documents.  I acknowledge and
      agree that I have no expectation of privacy with respect to the
      Company’s telecommunications, networking or information processing
      systems (including, without limitation, files, e-mail messages, and
      voice messages) and that my activity and any files or messages on or
      using any of those systems may be monitored at any time without
      notice.  I further agree that any property situated on the Company’s
      premises and owned by the Company, including disks and other storage
      media, filing cabinets or other work areas, is subject to inspection
      by Company personnel at any time with or without notice.  I agree
      that, at the time of termination of the Relationship, I will deliver
      to the Company (and will not keep in my possession, recreate or
      deliver to anyone else) any and all devices, records, data, notes,
      reports, proposals, lists, correspondence, specifications, drawings,
      blueprints, sketches, laboratory notebooks, materials, flow charts,
      equipment, other documents or property, or reproductions of any of the
      aforementioned items developed by me pursuant to the Relationship or
      otherwise belonging to the Company, its successors or assigns.
   6. Termination Certification.  In the event of the termination of the
      Relationship, I agree to sign and deliver the “Termination
      Certification” attached hereto as Exhibit C; however, my failure to
      sign and deliver the Termination Certification shall in no way
      diminish my continuing obligations under this Agreement.
   7. Notice to Third Parties.  I understand and agree that the Company may,
      with or without prior notice to me and during or after the term of the
      Relationship, notify third parties of my agreements and obligations
      under this Agreement.
   8. Solicitation of Employees, Consultants and Other Parties.  As
      described above, I acknowledge and agree that the Company's
      Confidential Information includes information relating to the
      Company's employees, consultants, customers and others, and that I
      will not use or disclose such Confidential Information except as
      authorized by the Company.  I further agree as follows:
        1. Employees, Consultants. I agree that during the term of the
           Relationship, and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately
           following the termination of the Relationship for any reason,
           whether with or without cause, I shall not either directly or
           indirectly solicit, induce, recruit or encourage any of the
           Company’s employees or consultants to terminate their
           relationship with the Company, or attempt to solicit, induce,
           recruit, encourage or take away employees or consultants of the
           Company, either for myself or for any other person or entity.
        2. Other Parties. I agree that during the term of the Relationship,
           and for a period of twelve (12) months immediately following the
           termination of the Relationship for any reason, whether with or
           without cause, I shall not use any Confidential Information of
           the Company to negatively influence any of the Company’s clients
           or customers from purchasing Company products or services or to
           solicit or influence or attempt to influence any client,
           customer or other person either directly or indirectly, to
           direct any purchase of products and/or services to any person,
           firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition
           with the business of the Company.
   9. At-Will Relationship.  I understand and acknowledge that, except as
      may be otherwise explicitly provided in a separate written agreement
      between the Company and me, my Relationship with the Company is and
      shall continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, meaning
      that either I or the Company may terminate the Relationship at any
      time for any reason or no reason, without further obligation or
      liability, other than those provisions of this Agreement that
      explicitly survive the termination of the Relationship.
  10. Representations and Covenants.
        1. Facilitation of Agreement.  I agree to execute promptly, both
           during and after the end of the Relationship, any proper oath,
           and to verify any proper document, required to carry out the
           terms of this Agreement, upon the Company’s written request to
           do so.
        2. No Conflicts.  I represent that my performance of all the terms
           of this Agreement does not and will not breach any agreement I
           have entered into, or will enter into, with any third party,
           including without limitation any agreement to keep in confidence
           proprietary information or materials acquired by me in
           confidence or in trust prior to or during the Relationship.  I
           will not disclose to the Company or use any inventions,
           confidential or non-public proprietary information or material
           belonging to any previous client, employer or any other party. 
           I will not induce the Company to use any inventions,
           confidential or non-public proprietary information, or material
           belonging to any previous client, employer or any other party. 
           I acknowledge and agree that I have listed on Exhibit A all
           agreements (e.g., non-competition agreements, non-solicitation
           of customers agreements, non-solicitation of employees
           agreements, confidentiality agreements, inventions agreements,
           etc.), if any, with a current or former client, employer, or any
           other person or entity, that may restrict my ability to accept
           employment with the Company or my ability to recruit or engage
           customers or service providers on behalf of the Company, or
           otherwise relate to or restrict my ability to perform my duties
           for the Company or any obligation I may have to the Company.  I
           agree not to enter into any written or oral agreement that
           conflicts with the provisions of this Agreement.
        3. Voluntary Execution.  I certify and acknowledge that I have
           carefully read all of the provisions of this Agreement, that I
           understand and have voluntarily accepted such provisions, and
           that I will fully and faithfully comply with such provisions.
  11. General Provisions.
        1. Governing Law.  The validity, interpretation, construction and
           performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
           the State of California, without giving effect to the principles
           of conflict of laws.
        2. Entire Agreement.  This Agreement sets forth the entire
           agreement and understanding between the Company and me relating
           to its subject matter and merges all prior discussions between
           us.  No amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in
           writing signed by both parties to this Agreement.  The Company
           shall not be deemed hereby to have waived any rights or remedies
           it may have in law or equity, nor to have given any
           authorizations or waived any of its rights under this Agreement,
           unless, and only to the extent, it does so by a specific writing
           signed by a duly authorized officer of the Company, it being
           understood that, even if I am an officer of the Company, I will
           not have authority to give any such authorizations or waivers
           for the Company under this Agreement without specific approval
           by the Board of Directors.  Any subsequent change or changes in
           my duties, obligations, rights or compensation will not affect
           the validity or scope of this Agreement.
        3. Severability.  If one or more of the provisions in this
           Agreement are deemed void or unenforceable to any extent in any
           context, such provisions shall nevertheless be enforced to the
           fullest extent allowed by law in that and other contexts, and
           the validity and force of the remainder of this Agreement shall
           not be affected.   
        4. Successors and Assigns.  This Agreement will be binding upon my
           heirs, executors, administrators and other legal
           representatives, and my successors and assigns, and will be for
           the benefit of the Company, its successors, and its assigns.
        5. Remedies.  I acknowledge and agree that violation of this
           Agreement by me may cause the Company irreparable harm, and
           therefore agree that the Company will be entitled to seek
           extraordinary relief in court, including, but not limited to,
           temporary restraining orders, preliminary injunctions and
           permanent injunctions without the necessity of posting a bond or
           other security (or, where such a bond or security is required, I
           agree that a $1,000 bond will be adequate), in addition to and
           without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that the
           Company may have for a breach of this Agreement.
        6. Advice of Counsel.  I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT, IN EXECUTING THIS
           AGREEMENT, I HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO SEEK THE ADVICE OF
           INDEPENDENT LEGAL COUNSEL, AND I HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF
           THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.  THIS AGREEMENT
           SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED AGAINST ANY PARTY BY REASON OF THE
           DRAFTING OR PREPARATION HEREOF.





                                  EXHIBIT A


                          LIST OF PRIOR INVENTIONS
                      AND ORIGINAL WORKS OF AUTHORSHIP
                         EXCLUDED UNDER SECTION 4.1 


 


List inventions, improvements, or original works of authorship, with date
and description/ID #. Leave blank if no previous inventions exist


 


                                  EXHIBIT B


[Section 2870 of the California Labor Code is as follows:


(a) Any provision in an employment agreement which provides that an
employee shall assign, or offer to assign, any of his or her rights in an
invention to his or her employer shall not apply to an invention that the
employee developed entirely on his or her own time without using the
employer’s equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information
except for those inventions that either:


(1) Relate at the time of conception or reduction to practice of the
invention to the employer’s business, or actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development of the employer; or


(2) Result from any work performed by the employee for the employer.


(b) To the extent a provision in an employment agreement purports to
require an employee to assign an invention otherwise excluded from being
required to be assigned under subdivision (a), the provision is against the
public policy of this state and is unenforceable.] OR


[RCW 49.44.140 of the Revised Code of Washington is as follows:


(1) A provision in an employment agreement which provides that an employee
shall assign or offer to assign any of the employee’s rights in an
invention to the employer does not apply to an invention for which no
equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information of the
employer was used and which was developed entirely on the employee’s own
time, unless (a) the invention relates (i) directly to the business of the
employer, or (ii) to the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated
research or development, or (b) the invention results from any work
performed by the employee for the employer. Any provision which purports to
apply to such an invention is to that extent against the public policy of
this state and is to that extent void and unenforceable.


(2) An employer shall not require a provision made void and unenforceable
by subsection (1) of this section as a condition of employment or
continuing employment.


(3) If an employment agreement entered into after September 1, 1979,
contains a provision requiring the employee to assign any of the employee’s
rights in any invention to the employer, the employer must also, at the
time the agreement is made, provide a written notification to the employee
that the agreement does not apply to an invention for which no equipment,
supplies, facility, or trade secret information of the employer was used
and which was developed entirely on the employee’s own time, unless (a) the
invention relates (i) directly to the business of the employer, or (ii) to
the employer's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development,
or (b) the invention results from any work performed by the employee for
the employer.] OR 


[INSERT ANY OTHER APPLICABLE STATE STATUTE RELATING TO IP RIGHTS TO
INVENTIONS DEVELOPED BY AN EMPLOYEE]


 


                                  EXHIBIT C


                          TERMINATION CERTIFICATION


This is to certify that I do not have in my possession, nor have I failed
to return, any devices, records, data, notes, reports, proposals, lists,
correspondence, specifications, drawings, blueprints, sketches, laboratory
notebooks, flow charts, materials, equipment, other documents or property,
or copies or reproductions of any aforementioned items belonging
to [COMPANY NAME], aDelaware corporation, its subsidiaries, affiliates,
successors or assigns (collectively, the “Company”).


I further certify that I have complied with all the terms of the Company’s
Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement signed by me,
including the reporting of any Inventions (as defined therein), conceived
or made by me (solely or jointly with others) covered by that agreement.


I further agree that, in compliance with the Confidential Information and
Invention Assignment Agreement, I will preserve as confidential all trade
secrets, confidential knowledge, data or other proprietary information
relating to products, processes, know-how, designs, formulas, developmental
or experimental work, computer programs, data bases, other original works
of authorship, customer lists, business plans, financial information or
other subject matter pertaining to any business of the Company or any of
its employees, clients, consultants or licensees.


I further agree that for twelve (12) months from the date of this
Certification, I shall not either directly or indirectly solicit, induce,
recruit or encourage any of the Company’s employees or consultants to
terminate their relationship with the Company, or attempt to solicit,
induce, recruit, encourage or take away employees or consultants of the
Company, either for myself or for any other person or entity.


Further, I agree that for twelve (12) months from the date of this
Certification, I shall not use any Confidential Information of the Company
to negatively influence any of the Company’s clients or customers from
purchasing Company products or services or to solicit or influence or
attempt to influence any client, customer or other person either directly
or indirectly, to direct any purchase of products and/or services to any
person, firm, corporation, institution or other entity in competition with
the business of the Company.


[DATE]


[EMPLOYEE’S NAME]


[EMPLOYEE'S SIGNATURE]

