
Date: [[DATE]]


The following sets out the Contract made between me, [THE FREELANCER] , and
you, [CUSTOMER NAME] , where [THE FREELANCER] is serving as an Independent
Contractor to [CUSTOMER NAME]


Summary:


I'll always do my best to fulfill your needs and meet your expectations,
but it’s important to have things written down so that we both know what’s
what, who should do what and when, and what will happen if something goes
wrong. In this contract, you won’t find any complicated legal terms or long
passages of unreadable text, and I have no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. What I do want is what’s best for
both parties, now and in the future.


So in short;


You ([CUSTOMER NAME]), located at [CUSTOMER ADDRESS] are hiring me ([THE
FREELANCER]) located at [COMPANY ADDRESS] to create a 3D model and/or
render for the estimated total price of [TOTAL] as outlined in our previous
correspondence. Of course it’s a little more complicated, but we’ll get to
that.


What do both parties agree to do?


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself, your company or your organization. You’ll give me everything I
need, like reference material, to complete the project as and when and in
the format I need it. You’ll review my work, then provide feedback and
approval in a timely manner. Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be
bound by dates we set together. You also agree to stick to the payment
schedule set out at the end of this contract.


Us: I warrant that, to the best of my knowledge, I have the experience and
ability to do everything I’ve agreed with you, but I would also like to
make clear that there can be unexpected software limitations and other
limitations that come up over the course of the project, at which time we
can discuss a course of action. I will also do the work in a professional
and timely manner, and endeavour to meet every deadline that’s set. On top
of that, I will maintain the confidentiality of everything you give me.


Getting down to the nitty gritty


What I'm Creating For You


[DESCRIPTION OF WHAT I'M MAKING]


Work in Progress Materials


You agree to not use any models, images, etc. provided by me for you to
review in any other way but to give feedback to me, and you understand
these are for review purposes only. If you would like to use any of these
Work In Progress materials for anything else, I can give you a fair price
for them at that time.


Changes and revisions


I know from experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to
you, as they often limit you to your earliest ideas. I also don’t want to
limit your ability to change your mind. The price at the beginning of this
contract is based on the length of time I estimate I’ll need to accomplish
everything you’ve told me you want to achieve, but I'm happy to be
flexible. If you would like to make any changes before the project is
finished, I would be happy to make up to 2 small revisions of the project
for free. Any revisions beyond this will take a separate estimate.


In the case of there being any large changes throughout the course of the
project or changes to the project scope, a separate estimate will have to
be given for those as well, even if you have not used any free revisions. I
can also provide a separate estimate if you would like any changes after
the project is finished.


Just for the sake of clarity, a revision would be anything added or changed
in the project that was not in the original plan I did the estimate for.


Legal stuff


Although I strive for perfection and will always do my best, I can’t
guarantee that my work will be error-free and so I can’t be liable to you
or any third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings or
other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if you’ve advised
me of them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall be unlawful,
void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
severable from this contract and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of models, text, images or other
artwork you provide are either owned by your good selves, or that you have
permission to use them. You also agree to indemnify and not hold me
responsible for any and all claims, costs, and expenses, including
attorney's fees, due to there being materials included in the Final Work,
at your request, that you did not have permission to use or are using in a
manner that exceeds the original permission granted.


You agree that, until payment is made in full to me, I retain all rights
for the project, except for the materials covered by a NDA or that were
already owned by you. Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright
will be automatically assigned as follows:


You own the final version of what you hired me to create, and I will give
you the finished model, render, animation, etc. You should keep them
somewhere safe as I'm not required to keep a copy. You will still own all
elements of text, images and data you provided, unless someone else owns
them.


I still own the rights to all Work in Progress material. I also own the
rights to the individual elements that make up the Final Design, unless
they were already owned by you or if those individual elements are what I
am creating for you, like a model or a painted texture on the model.


I love showing off my work and sharing what I've learned with others, so I
reserve the right to show and link to what I have created for you as part
of my portfolio and to write about it on websites, in magazine articles and
in books, unless otherwise stated by you.


Finally, in the event of a cancellation of the project, you agree that all
rights for the project stay with me, except for the materials that were
already owned by you.


Payments


We’re sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that we send you promptly. As we’re also sure you’ll want
to stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment schedule
outlined below.


You agree to pay [25%] of total estimated fee upon agreement of initial
design: [DEPOSIT FEE] (Deposit Fee)


Remainder of fee payable not more than [14] days after receipt of finished
product: [REMAINDER OF FEE] (Remainder of Fee)


At the end of the project, I will send an invoice to you, which should be
paid within [14] days. If it's not paid within[14] days, [5%] of the
outstanding amount will be added every7 days, starting from the [15TH] day
after receipt of finished product.


Cancellation of Project


In the event that you cancel the project, you agree that I will keep the
deposit fee. If the percentage of the total work done is above the deposit
fee percentage, you also agree to be billed an additional amount according
to the percentage of work done, minus the deposit fee percentage. So if the
deposit fee is 30%, and I've done 50% of the project, you agree to be
billed an additional 20% of the total project fee.


Our Relationship


My relationship with you will be that of an independent contractor, and
nothing in this agreement is intended to, or should be construed to, create
a partnership, agency, joint venture, or employment relationship. I also
retain the right to establish schedule and work routines, serve other
customers and clientele, and retain all decision authority in relation to
myself.


But where’s all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you can’t transfer this contract to anyone else
without my written permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of [COUNTRY
AND/OR STATE] courts.


The dotted line


Signed by and on behalf of [THE FREELANCER] Signed by and on behalf of
[CUSTOMER NAME] Date [SIGNED DATE]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.


This contract must be signed by both parties before work can begin.

