
Developer's Name


[DEVELOPER'S PHONE]


_______________________


Customer's name



[CUSTOMER'S ADDRESS]


[CUSTOMER'S PHONE]


[CUSTOMER'S EMAIL]


Date: [DATE]


Between Developer Name and [CUSTOMER NAME]


Summary


We will always do our best to fulfill your needs and meet your goals, but
sometimes it is best to have a few simple things written down so that we
both know what is what, who should do what and what happens if things go
wrong. In this contract you won't find complicated legal terms or large
passages of unreadable text. We have no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. We do want what's best for the
safety of both parties, now and in the future.


In short


You, Customer's name , are hiring Developer Name to design and develop a
web site for the estimated total price of $ [PRICE] outlined in our
previous correspondence. The agreed payment plan is at the end of the
document.


What do both parties agree to do?


As our customer, you have the power and ability to enter into this contract
on behalf of your company or organization. You agree to provide us with
everything that we need to complete the project including text, images and
other information as and when we need it, and in the format that we ask
for. You agree to review our work, provide feedback and sign-off approval
in a timely manner. Deadlines work two ways and you will also be bound by
any dates that we set together. You also agree to stick to the payment
schedule set out at the end of this contract.


We have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from us
and we will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the
way we will endeavor to meet all the deadlines set but we can't be
responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in
supplying materials or have not approved or signed off our work on-time at
any stage. On top of this we will also maintain the confidentiality of any
information that you give us.


Getting down to the nitty gritty


What we need from you Below is a list of items we’ll need up front from
you. Every project is slightly different, so there may be things we’ve
missed from this list, but we will let you know as soon as we’re able if
we’ve forgotten something we need.


    • [LIST OF NEEDS] includes credentials, access to any necessary services
      or assets, etc


Details of the works


We will create designs for the look-and-feel, layout and functionality of
your web site. This contract includes one main design plus the opportunity
for you to make up to two rounds of revisions. If you're not happy with the
designs at this stage, you will pay us in full for all of the work that we
have produced until that point and you may either cancel this contract or
continue to commission us to make further design revisions at the daily
rate set out in our original estimate.


HTML/CSS layout templates


We have agreed to test our code in IE7+ as well as the latest releases of
Firefox, Safari, and Chrome. Additionally we test on mobile Safari and
mobile Chrome (iOS devices, Android devices). If you need browsers other
than those listed tested, please provide us with a list of the browsers and
devices. Testing additional browsers requires more testing time as well as
potentially needing to code for that specific browser. We code everything
with progressive enhancement in mind. This means that modern browsers may
show slight differences to older browsers (such as text and box shadows,
rounded corners, etc. ) based on what a browser is able to render. Any
changes will not affect the user experience. If you need to show the same
or similar visual design to visitors using additional or older browsers, we
will charge you at the daily rate set out in our original estimate for any
necessary additional code and its testing.


Text content


We are not responsible for writing or inputting any text copy unless we
specified it in the original estimate. We'll be happy to help though, and
in addition to the estimate we will charge you at $ [HOURLY COPY FEE] per
hour, including a free initial consultation, for copy writing or content
input.


Photographs


If needed, you will supply us photographs either in digital or printed
format. If you choose to buy stock photographs we can suggest vendors of
stock photography. Any time we spend searching for or taking appropriate
photographs will be charged at $Hourly Photo Fee per hour, after a free
initial consultation to determine if this is the best route to take.


Changes and revisions


We know from plenty of experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely
beneficial to you, as they often limit you to your first idea about how
something should look, or how it might work. We don't want to limit either
your options or your opportunities to change your mind.


The estimate/quotation prices at the beginning of this document are based
on the number of days that we estimate we'll need to accomplish everything
that you have told us you want to achieve. If you do want to change your
mind, add extra pages or templates or even add new functionality, that
won't be a problem. You will be charged the daily rate set out in the
estimate we gave you. Along the way we might ask you to put requests in
writing so we can keep track of changes.


Technical support


You may already have professional web site hosting, you might even manage
that hosting in-house; if that's the case, great. If you don't manage your
own web site hosting, we can set up an account for you at one of our
preferred, third-party hosting providers. We will charge you a one-off fee
for installing your site on this server, plus any statistics software such
as Google Analytics; then the updates to, and management of that server,
plus any support issues will be up to you.


We are not a web site hosting company and so we do not offer or include
technical support for web site hosting, email or other services relating to
web site hosting. If you do require help with anything beyond the design
and development of your site, we'll be happy to help.


Legal stuff


We can't guarantee that the functions contained in any web page templates
or in a completed web site will always be error-free and so we can't be
liable to you or any third party for damages, including lost profits, lost
savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages arising out
of the operation of or inability to operate this web site and any other web
pages, even if you have advised us of the possibilities of such damages.


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.


Copyrights


You guarantee to us that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide us for inclusion in the web
site are either owned by your good selves, or that you have permission to
use them.


When we receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned as
follows:


You own the graphics and other visual elements that we create for you for
this project. We will give you a copy of all files and you should store
them really safely as we are not required to keep them or provide any
native source files that we used in making them.


You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless
someone else owns them. We own the XHTML markup, CSS and other code and we
license it to you for use on only this project.


We love to show off our work and share what we have learned with other
people, so we also reserve the right to display and link to your completed
project as part of our portfolio and to write about the project on web
sites, in magazine articles and in books about web design, etc.


Payments


We are sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that we send you promptly. As we're also sure you'll want
to stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment
schedule, which will be as follows, but may be revised based on further
conversations between us.


50% of total estimated fee due no later than 2 days upon agreement of
contract: $Deposit Fee


25% due 3 weeks after web design initiation : $ [FEE 2] . Design initiation
occurs after all content and materials are collected from you such that the
web site can be completed. You will use all reasonable efforts to provide
needed information, materials and approvals. Any delay by you will halt the
project.


Remainder of fee payable not more than 14 days after receipt (confirmation)
of finished product: $Remainder of Fee


late Payment


If payment is not received within 30 days after receipt (confirmation), we
retain the right to keep the full deposit, end the project and
discard/withhold all copies of photographs, databases, XHTML markup, CSS
and other code used to complete the site.


But where is all the horrible small print?


We can’t guarantee that the functions contained in any web page templates
or in a completed web site will always be error-free and so we can’t be
liable to you or any third party for damages, including lost profits, lost
savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages arising out
of the operation of or inability to operate this web site and any other web
pages, even if you have advised us of the possibilities of such damages.


Just like a parking ticket, you cannot transfer this contract to anyone
else without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of the United
State's courts and Illinois courts.


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their own records.

