
This agreement is between[CLIENT 1] and, [CLIENT 2]hereinafter referred to
as the "Clients", and, hereinafter referred to as the "Photographer(s)".

Date of Event: [________]


Start Time: [________]


venue Time: [________]


Ending Time: [________]


Other Times/Arrangements and Services agreed on: [________]


Client 1 Name:


Address: [________]


Email: [________]


Phone: [________]


Client 2 Name: [________]


Address: [________]


Email: [________]


Phone: [________]


Venue


Name of Location: [________]


Address: [________]


Phone: [________]


Additional shooting location (Additional fees may apply)


Name of Location: [________]


Address: [________]


Phone: [________]


Additional Contact 1


Name: [________]


Mobile Number: [________]


Additional Contact 2


Name: [________]


Mobile Number: [________]


Additional contacts must be able to be contacted on the day of the event.

Amount agreed: [________]


Booking fee/Retainer: [________(50% OF AMOUNT AGREED)]



The booking/retainer fee is due on signing this agreement (Booking Fee is
50% of the amount agreed), with the balance of the amount agreed due 30
days before the day of the event.


The Clients agree to provide a meal for the Photographer and staff if the
length of attendance exceeds three hours.


Entire Agreement: This agreement contains the entire understanding between
the Clients and the Photographer.


Confirmation: A signed “Contract for Event Photography Services” and
payment of the booking fee are necessary to confirm the stated Event
services from the Photographer.


Pre-Event Consultation: This normally happens at the time of booking. The
Clients will outline broadly what is required and the Photographer will
advise on planning, logistics and timings where needed. If required the
Clients are welcome to pop in for an additional chat closer to the time of
the Event (about 2 weeks) to iron out the remaining details. In any case we
will contact you by phone a few days before the Event to ensure that there
have been no last minute changes.

Cooperation: The Clients and the Photographer consent to happily
cooperating and communicating with each other to achieve the best possible
result within the understanding of this contract. We recommend that the
Photographer be provided with a helper (usually the host) who will point
out key individuals to be photographed. The Photographer may also require
the assistance of the host in organizing family groups. The Clients also
agree to give the Photographer sufficient warning of key moments at the
event to give the Photographer time to prepare e.g. cutting the cake,
speeches, surprises etc. Please note that not all guests at events like
having their photo taken. In such cases the Photographer will use his
discretion but cannot be held responsible for a lack of photos of these
people.


The Schedule: Our shooting schedule, style of working and experience are
designed to achieve a great set of event photos for the Clients,
accomplished with good humor and enjoyed by all concerned. Both the Clients
and the Photographers therefore agree that punctuality and cheerful
cooperation are essential to producing outstanding photographic results. In
cases where the Event does not run on time (for example, extreme lateness
by one of the Clients arriving to the venue) we cannot guarantee to take
our normal set of photos although in such circumstances we will do our
absolute best to compensate.


Paparazzi Event Guests: All your guests will have digital cameras and all
your guests will want to photograph the Clients. In the spirit of cheerful
cooperation the Clients agree to give the Photographers precedence over the
guests in order to take the photographs required for the Event services
described above. We cannot be held liable for a lack of Event photos if
guests taking their own photos of the Clients continually interrupt the
Photographer's work.


House Rules: Note the Photographers are sometimes limited by rules imposed
by registrars, ministers and venue management as to what can and cannot be
done. For example some ministers insist that no flash photography is
allowed, and others will insist that the Photographers shoot from a
specific location. In such circumstances the Clients agree to accept the
technical limitations that may be imposed on the equipment used. We advise
the Clients to make themselves aware of the rules of the venue concerned
and if necessary negotiate with the personnel concerned.


Permits and or Fees: It is the responsibility of the client to obtain
permits and assume the costs of permits required for the purpose of
photography in restricted areas, both public and private. Permits and or
permission for photography in both public and private settings must be
furnished to the photographer no later than 7 days prior to the event date.
No refunds will be given for failure to obtain permits and or permission
for the photographer to work in restricted areas. Furthermore, no
photography or related work will be performed in any manner that violates
laws, or regulations that govern areas that photographic work is requested.


Copyright Law: The copyright of photographs remains with the Photographer.
The Photographer grants the Clients permission to make copies of the images
under the following conditions. The images taken by the Photographer are
for personal use by the Clients and their friends and relatives. Sale,
Publication or any Commercial use of the photographs is not allowed without
prior written permission from the Photographer.


Model Release: The Clients grant the Photographer and its legal
representatives, heirs and assigns, the irrevocable and unlimited consent
to use the photographs of the Clients for editorial, competition,
advertising and any other purpose and in any manner, to alter the
photographs without restriction; and to copyright the images. The Clients
hereby release the Photographer and its legal representatives, heirs and
assigns from all liability and claims in connection with the images.


Limit of Liability: If a photographer is too ill or becomes injured and
cannot supply the event services specified above the Photographer will try
to book a replacement Event photographer. Under normal circumstances a
second photographer from the primary photographer is there for the day
anyway and this photographer will then shoot the day on his/her own. If
both photographers are unavailable and a replacement photographer cannot be
found then liability is limited to a refund of any payments received. The
Photographers have working methods in place to prevent loss or damage to
your images. However, there is the unlikely possibility that images may be
lost, stolen or destroyed for reasons in or beyond our control. In these
circumstances liability is limited to the return of fees paid for the
service or part thereof according to the percentage of images supplied.


Booking Fee/Retainer: In the event of the Clients canceling the Event for
whatever reason the booking fee is non-refundable. It will be considered as
liquidated damages to the Photographers.


We have understood the contents of this contract and agree to the terms
therein. [________]

