
This agreement is made as of [EFFECTIVE DATE] between [CLIENT] (“Client”)
and [CONTRACTOR] (“Contractor”).


1. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES


During the Term of this Agreement, Contractor will provide management of
Facebook Ads. Client will furnish all other facilities, labor, materials,
furnishings, and equipment necessary for Client’s operation.


2. SERVICE LOCATION


The Service to be provided under this Agreement shall be performed at the
Contractor's place of business. (i.e. Home Office)


3. SCHEDULE AND DAYS OFF


Contractor is generally available to provide Services during normal
business hours. Monday thru Friday 8am – 5pm EST, excluding national
holidays.


In the event that Contractor will be unavailable due to vacation or other
foreseen events, every effort will be made to give reasonable notice.


4. PAYMENT FOR SERVICES


      (a) Price. Contractor shall perform the Services for [COST]per month.


      (b) Payment Agreement. Contractor shall invoice Client monthly in
advance.


5. TERM/TERMINATION


      (a) Term. This Agreement takes effect on date of signing, and
continues in force for a period of three (3) months, unless sooner
terminated in accordance with this Section 2


      (b) Termination for Convenience. Either party may terminate this
Agreement with or without cause by giving the other party one (1) calendar
month's notice of termination.


      (c) Termination for Default. If either party breaches any material
provision of this Agreement, and fails to correct the breach (or, if breach
cannot be corrected within thirty (30) days, fails to progress diligently
towards correction) then the other party may terminate this Agreement by
giving ten (10) days written notice to the breaching party.


      (d) Renewal. This Agreement may be renewed or extended with the
written consent of both parties.


6. NON-DISCLOSURE AND NON-SOLICITATION


Contractor shall not directly or indirectly disclose to any person other
than a representative of Client at any time either during the term of this
Agreement or following the termination or expiration thereof, any
confidential or proprietary information pertaining to Client, including but
not limited to: customer lists, contacts, financial data, sales data,
supply sources, business opportunities for new or developing business,
plans and models, or trade secrets.


Furthermore, Service Provider agrees that during the term of this
Agreement, and for 2 years following the termination of this Agreement,
Contractor shall not directly or indirectly solicit or attempt to solicit
any customers or suppliers of Client other than on behalf of client
himself.


7. RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES


      (a) Independent Contractors. The relationship of the parties is that
of independent contractors, and no partnership, joint venture, agency,
employment, or other relationship is intended. Contractor shall defend,
indemnify, and hold Client harmless from and against any income, payroll or
withholding tax assessed upon the compensation of any person performing the
Services hereunder.


      (b) Assignment. Neither party may assign this Agreement without the
prior written consent of the other party, except that Contractor may
subcontract or delegate portions of the Services; provided, however, that
in no case shall Client be liable to any party other than Contractor, or
for any amount in excess of the price specified on Schedule A.


8. LIABILITY


Contractor will not be liable for loss, damage or delay of Client’s project
due to circumstances beyond Contractor’s control. Such circumstances may
include (but are not limited to) acts of God, public unrest, power outages,
and inability to contact Client. In the event of such loss, damage or
delay, Contractor will make every effort to notify Client immediately.


9. CONFIDENTIALITY


Contractor will not at any time or in any manner, either directly or
indirectly, use for the personal benefit of Contractor, or divulge,
disclose or communicate in any manner any information that is proprietary
to the Client. Contractor will protect such information and treat it as
strictly confidential.


This provision shall continue to be effective after the termination of this
Agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, Contractor will return to
Client all records, notes documentation and other items that were used,
created, or controlled by Contractor during the term of this Agreement with
the exception of items purchased by Service Provider and not reimbursed by
the Client.


10. SEVERABILITY


If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or
unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall continue to be
valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any provision of this
Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provision
it would become valid and enforceable, then such provision shall be deemed
to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited.


Signature of this document indicates acceptance of the aforementioned
terms.

