
Date: [DATE]


Between [COMPANY NAME] and [CUSTOMER NAME]


Summary:


We’ll always do our best to fulfil your needs and meet your expectations,
but it’s important to have things written down so that we both know what’s
what, who should do what and when, and what will happen if something goes
wrong. In this contract you won’t find any complicated legal terms or long
passages of unreadable text. We’ve no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. What we do want is what’s best for
both parties, now and in the future.


So in short;


You ([CUSTOMER NAME]), located at [CUSTOMER ADDRESS] are hiring us
([COMPANY NAME]) located at [COMPANY ADDRESS] to design and develop a
website for the estimated total price of [TOTAL] as outlined in our
previous correspondence. Of course it’s a little more complicated, but
we’ll get to that.


What do both parties agree to do?


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself, your company or your organisation. You’ll give us everything we
need to complete the project as and when and in the format we need it.
You’ll review our work, provide feedback and approval in a timely manner
too. Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be bound by dates we set
together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out at the
end of this contract.


Us: We have the experience and ability to do everything we’ve agreed with
you and we’ll do it all in a professional and timely manner. We’ll
endeavour to meet every deadline that’s set and on top of that we'll
maintain the confidentiality of everything you give us.


Getting down to the nitty gritty


Development


We develop websites with flexible layouts that adapt to the capabilities of
many devices and screen sizes. We work iteratively and use our design
background to help us assess design needs that can not be accounted for in
static designs on the fly, while building your website. We will communicate
these decisions to you as they surface, seeking agreement from you and the
original designers whenever possible.


Content


We will provide sample content during the development process, and coach
you on content entry, but are not responsible for creating or inputting any
final text copy, images, or other assets & content. If you’d like us to
write new content or input existing content for you, we can provide a
separate estimate for that.


Once we've completed the content model, we will provide you with a set of
guidelines for creating new content, e.g. image sizes, text formatting, how
to categorize entries, etc... which will include a one-time hands on
walkthrough of the CMS if desired.


Assets


Graphic files such as logos should be supplied in an editable, vector
digital format by yourself or the original designers. Scalable Vector
Graphics (SVG) file format is prefered.


You should supply photographs in a high resolution digital format. Consider
that retina displays require twice the resolution of standard images.


HTML, CSS and Javascript


We deliver templates developed from standard and modern HTML markup, CSS
stylesheets for styling, and unobtrusive Javascript for feature detection,
poly-fills, and functional behaviours.


Browser testing


Browser testing no longer means attempting to make a website look the same
in browsers of different capabilities or on devices with different size
screens. It does mean ensuring that a person’s experience of a design
should be appropriate to the capabilities of a browser or device. We employ
graceful degradation and progressive enhancement best practices in all of
our work to ensure the best experience across all supported browsers and
devices.


Desktop browser testing


We test our work in current versions of major desktop browsers including
those made by Apple (Safari), Google (Chrome), Microsoft (Internet Explorer
9 and above), and Mozilla Firefox. We won’t test in other unmentioned, or
older browsers unless you specify otherwise. If you need an enhanced design
for an older browser, we can provide a separate estimate for that.


Please note: Most fancy transition and animation effects do not work
properly in Internet Explorer below version 10, and therefore some
interactions will have to be simplified for this browser. Fancy transition
effects can sometimes be replicated in older browsers but it is often very
time consuming with diminishing returns due to the very low number people
still using these browsers. If you still feel that this will have a
significant negative impact your business or target audience and you would
like us to build polyfills for animations and transitions, we can assess
those needs and provide a separate estimate for the additional work.


Mobile browser testing


Testing popular small-screen devices is essential in ensuring that a
person’s experience of a design is appropriate to the capabilities of the
device they’re using. We test our work in:


iOS: Safari, Google Chrome


Android 4+: Google Chrome


We currently don’t test any Blackberry OS, Opera browsers, Symbian or other
mobile device browsers. If you need us to test any of these, we can provide
a separate estimate for that.


Technical support


We’re not a website hosting company so we don’t offer support for website
hosting, email or other services relating to hosting beyond what has been
included in the project proposal.


If hosting or deployment plans were not included in the original proposal:


You may already have professional hosting and you might even manage that
hosting in-house; if you do, great. If you don’t, we can set up an account
for you at one of our preferred hosting providers. We can set up your site
on a server, plus any statistics software such as Google Analytics and we
can provide a separate estimate for that. Then, the updates to, and
management of that server will be up to you.


Changes and revisions


We know from experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to
you, as they often limit you to your earliest ideas. We don’t want to limit
your ability to change your mind. The price at the beginning of this
contract is based on the length of time we estimate we’ll need to
accomplish everything you’ve told us you want to achieve, but we’re happy
to be flexible. If you want to change your mind or add anything new, that
won’t be a problem as we’ll provide a separate estimate for that.


Additional costs


We are not responsible for covering any additional costs that may surface
as a result of running or maintaining your website. This could include
things like purchasing web fonts, custom hosting of web fonts, domain name
registry or services, additional server or hosting costs due to high
traffic to your website, etc...


We will do our best to make sure that you are well educated in what these
costs could be in relation to your specific project.


Legal stuff


We can’t guarantee that our work will be error-free and so we can’t be
liable to you or any third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost
savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if
you’ve advised us of them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall
be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
shall be deemed severable from this contract and shall not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Phew.


Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of text, images or other artwork you
provide are either owned by your good selves, or that you’ve permission to
use them.


Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright will be automatically
assigned as follows:


You’ll own the visual elements that we create for this project. We’ll give
you source files and finished files and you should keep them somewhere safe
as we’re not required to keep a copy. You own all elements of text, images
and data you provided, unless someone else owns them.


We’ll own the unique combination of these elements that constitutes a
completed product and we’ll license that to you, exclusively and in
perpetuity for this project only, unless we agree otherwise. We can provide
a separate estimate for that.


We love to show off our work and share what we’ve learned with other
people, so we reserve the right, with your permission, to display and link
to your project as part of our portfolio and to write about it on websites,
in magazine articles and in books.


Payments


We’re sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that we send you promptly. As we’re also sure you’ll want
to stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment
schedule.


[PAYMENT SCHEDULE]


But where’s all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you can’t transfer this contract to anyone else
without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of [COUNTRY]
courts.


The dotted line


Signed by and on behalf of [COMPANY NAME] Signed by and on behalf of
[CUSTOMER NAME] Date [SIGNED DATE]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.

