
Date: [DATE]


Between myself [COMPANY NAME]and you [CUSTOMER NAME]


Summary:


I’ll always do my best to fulfil your needs and meet your expectations, but
it’s important to have things written down so that we both know what’s
what, who should do what and when, and what will happen if something goes
wrong. In this contract you won’t find any complicated legal terms or long
passages of unreadable text. I’ve no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. What I do want is what’s best for
both parties, both now and in the future.


So in short;


You ([CUSTOMER NAME]), located at [CUSTOMER ADDRESS] are hiring myself
([COMPANY NAME]) located at [COMPANY ADDRESS] to work description for the
estimated total price of [TOTAL] as outlined in our previous
correspondence. Of course it’s a little more complicated, but we’ll get to
that.


What do both parties agree to do?


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself, your company or your organisation. You’ll give me everything I
need to complete the project as and when and in the format I need it.
You’ll review my work, provide feedback and approval in a timely manner
too. Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be bound by dates we set
together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out at the
end of this contract.


Myself: I have the experience and ability to do everything I’ve agreed with
you and I’ll do it all in a professional and timely manner. I’ll endeavour
to meet every deadline that’s set and on top of that I'll maintain the
confidentiality of everything you give us.


Getting down to the nitty gritty


Design


I create look-and-feel designs, and flexible layouts that adapt to the
capabilities of many devices and screen sizes. I create designs iteratively
and use predominantly pre-designed or customer-supplied WordPress themes,
using HTML and CSS, so I won’t waste time mocking up every theme view as a
static visual. I may use static visuals to indicate a look-and-feel
direction (colour, texture and typography.)


You’ll have sufficient opportunities to review my work and provide
feedback. If, at any stage, you’re not happy with the direction our work is
taking, you’ll pay me in full for everything I’ve produced up until that
point and cancel this contract.


Text content


I'm not responsible for writing or inputting any text copy. If you’d like
me to write new content or input text for you, I can provide a separate
estimate for that.


Photographs


You should supply graphic files in an editable, vector digital format. You
should supply photographs in a high resolution digital format. If you
choose to buy stock photographs, I can suggest stock libraries. If you’d
like me to search for photographs for you, I can provide a separate
estimate for that.


HTML, CSS and Javascript


I will deliver a theme developed from HTML5 markup, CSS2.1 + 3 stylesheets
for styling and unobtrusive Javascript for feature detection, poly-fills
and behaviours.


Browser testing


Browser testing no longer means attempting to make a website look the same
in browsers of different capabilities or on devices with different size
screens. It does mean ensuring that a person’s experience of a design
should be appropriate to the capabilities of a browser or device.


Desktop browser testing


I test my work in current versions of major desktop browsers including
those made by Apple (Safari), Google (Chrome), Microsoft (Internet
Explorer), Mozilla Firefox and Opera. I’ll also test to ensure Microsoft
Internet Explorer 8 for Windows users get an appropriate, possibly
different, experience. I won’t test in other older browsers unless you
specify otherwise. If you need an enhanced design for an older browser, I
can provide a separate estimate for that.


Mobile browser testing


Testing popular small-screen devices is essential in ensuring that a
person’s experience of a design is appropriate to the capabilities of the
device they’re using. I test my work in:


iOS: Safari, Google Chrome and Opera Mini


Android 4.1: Google Chrome, Firefox and Opera Mini
Android 3.2: Browser, Firefox and Opera Mini


I currently don’t test Blackberry OS or Blackberry QNX, Opera Mobile,
Symbian or other mobile browsers. If you need me to test using these, I can
provide a separate estimate for that.


Technical support


I'm not a website hosting company so I don’t generally offer support for
website hosting, email or other services relating to hosting. You may
already have professional hosting and you might even manage that hosting in-
house; if you do, great. If you don’t, I can set up an account for you at
one of my preferred hosting providers. I can set up your site on a server,
plus any statistics software such as Google Analytics and I can provide a
separate estimate for that. Then, the updates to, and management of that
server will be up to you, unless we have contracted for that service
separately.


Changes and revisions


I know from experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to
you, as they often limit you to your earliest ideas. I don’t want to limit
your ability to change your mind. The price at the beginning of this
contract is based on the length of time I estimate I’ll need to accomplish
everything you’ve told us you want to achieve, but I'm happy to be
flexible. If you want to change your mind or add anything new, that won’t
be a problem as I’ll provide a separate estimate for that.


Legal stuff


I can’t guarantee that my work will be error-free and so I can’t be liable
to you or any third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings
or other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if you’ve
advised me of them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall be
unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall
be deemed severable from this contract and shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of text, images or other artwork you
provide are either owned by your good selves, or that you’ve permission to
use them.


Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright will be automatically
assigned as follows:


You’ll own the visual elements that I create for this project. I’ll give
you source files and finished files and you should keep them somewhere safe
as I'm not required to keep a copy. You own all elements of text, images
and data you provided, unless someone else owns them.


I love to show off my work and share what I’ve learned with other people,
so I reserve the right, with your permission, to display and link to your
project as part of my portfolio and to write about it on websites, in
magazine articles and in books.


Scope of Work


Scope of Work inserted here, including work to be performed and
deliverables


Change Request


A "Change Request" is any request for work outside the scope of the Scope
of Work.


If you make a change request, I'll bill the work on a time and materials
basis, at my standard hourly rate of $____/hr. I may also extend the
delivery schedule.


Payments


I'm sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that I send you promptly. As I'm also sure you’ll want to
stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment schedule.


On the signing of this document: ____ % down payment


On the completion of work: ____ % remainder


Invoice. I will invoice you according to the Statement of Work. You agree
to pay all invoices within ___ days of receipt.


But where’s all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you can’t transfer this contract to anyone else
without my permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of [COUNTRY]
courts.


The dotted line


Signed by and on behalf of [COMPANY NAME] Signed by and on behalf of
[CUSTOMER NAME] Date [DATE]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.

