
Between Jake Chapman at Constant LLC and Album Agency


Summary


We will always do our best to fulfil your needs and meet your goals, but
sometimes it is best to have a few simple things written down so that we
both know what is what, who should do what and what happens if things go
wrong. In this contract you won't find complicated legal terms or large
passages of unreadable text. We have no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. We do want what's best for the
safety of both parties, now and in the future.


In short


You, Album Agency, are contracting Jake Chapman ( Constant LLC ) located at
1678 Friday LN SW Tumwater, Washington 98512 on a 'per hour front-end
development based position'.


What do both parties agree to do?


As the contract-ee, you have the power and ability to enter into this
contract on behalf of your company or organization. You agree to provide us
with everything that we need to complete the project(s) including text,
images and other information as and when we need it, and in the format that
we ask for. You agree to review our work, provide feedback and sign-off
approval in a timely manner too. Deadlines work two ways and you will also
be bound by any dates that we set together. You also agree to stick to the
payment schedule set out at the end of this contract.


We have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from us
and we will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the
way we will endeavour to meet all the deadlines set but we can't be
responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in
supplying materials or have not approved or signed off our work on-time at
any stage. On top of this we will also maintain the confidentiality of any
information that you give us.


Details of the works


Development Projects


Projects that include HTML markup, CSS and Javascript, we will develop
these using valid HTML5 markup and CSS3 for styling along with front-end
frameworks like but not limited to 'slim, haml, coffescript, sass etc..'.
We will test all our markup and CSS in current versions of all major
browsers including those made by Apple, Microsoft, Mozilla and Opera. We
will also test to ensure that pages will display visually in a similar,
albeit not necessarily an identical way, in Microsoft Internet Explorer 7
for Windows as this browser is now past its sell-by date.


We will not test these templates in old or abandoned browsers, for example
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5, 5.5 or 6 for Windows or Mac, previous
versions of Apple's Safari, Mozilla Firefox or Opera unless otherwise
specified. If you need to show the same or similar visual design to
visitors using these older browsers, we will charge you at the daily rate
set out in our original estimate for any necessary additional code and its
testing.


Changes and revisions


Changes and revisions do not apply to this contact since this is an hourly
contract. Changes in scope of work can come as much as you please.


Legal stuff


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.


Copyrights


You guarantee to us that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide us for inclusion in the web
site are either owned by your good selfs, or that you have permission to
use them.


When we receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned as
follows:


You own the graphics and other visual elements that we create for you for
this project. We will give you a copy of all files and you should store
them really safely as we are not required to keep them or provide any
native source files that we used in making them.


You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless
someone else owns them. Along with the HTML markup, CSS and other code
marked up while being contracted.


We love to show off our work and share what we have learned with other
people, so we also reserve the right to display and link to your completed
project as part of our portfolio and to write about the project on web
sites, in magazine articles and in books about web design.


Hours


Agreed upon hours are anywhere between 15-25 hours a week of front-end
development. These hours do not include time spent in meetings or
researching for projects etc.


Payments


We are sure you understand how important it is as a small business /
freelancer that you pay the invoices that we send you promptly. As we're
also sure you'll want to stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the
following payment schedule, which will be as follows, but may be revised
based on further conversations between us.


Hourly Rate: $25.00 per hour


(this hourly rate applies to but not limited to: Actual development,
meetings, research for projects and all the possibilities underneath these
responsibilities I will be given.)


Pay periods: weekly, on every Monday starting on Thursday April 17th, 2013


Late Payments: Interest accrued if payment is more than 7 days late is 5%
of outstanding amount to be added every 7 days, starting from 8th day after
receipt of invoice.


But where is all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you cannot transfer this contract to anyone
else without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of United States
of America and the State of Washington and California courts.


Both parties should sign above and keep a copy for their own records.


Most importantly... ---> Let's do this!

