
Between Surpass Web and William Downey & Myung Chan Parck


Summary


We will always do our best to fulfil your needs and meet your goals, but
sometimes it is best to have a few simple things written down so that we
both know what is what, who should do what and what happens if things go
wrong. In this contract you won't find complicated legal terms or large
passages of unreadable text. We have no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. We do want what's best for the
safety of both parties, now and in the future.


In short


You, William Downey & Myung Chan Parck are hiring Surpass Web located at
3040 rue College, Sherbrooke, QC to design and develop an initial user
experience and branding for a Facebook Application for the total price of
$1000 CAD outlined in our previous correspondence. The agreed payment plan
is at the end of the document. At the end of this contract we will create a
new one which takes into consideration the scope of work decided upon in
the user experience design.


What do both parties agree to do?


As our customer, you have the power and ability to enter into this contract
on behalf of your company or organization. You agree to provide us with
everything that we need to complete the project including text, images and
other information as and when we need it, and in the format that we ask
for. You agree to review our work, provide feedback and sign-off approval
in a timely manner too. Deadlines work two ways and you will also be bound
by any dates that we set together. You also agree to stick to the payment
schedule set out at the end of this contract.


We have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from us
and we will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the
way we will endeavour to meet all the deadlines set but we can't be
responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in
supplying materials or have not approved or signed off our work on-time at
any stage. On top of this we will also maintain the confidentiality of any
information that you give us.


Details of the works


We will create a master document outlining every functionality of your App.
This contract includes one main design plus the opportunity for you to make
up to two rounds of revisions. If you're not happy with the designs at this
stage, you will pay us in full for all of the work that we have produced
until that point and you may either cancel this contract or continue to
commission us at an additional fee.


We will also look at the branding of the App. If you would like us to
create a visual identity for your company (logo, color scheme, font,
stationary, business card design, etc.) we will do so at this stage. Doing
so will increase the fees owed to Surpass Web by an amount we will agree
upon should you choose to take this route.


Graphics


This portion of the project does not necessarily include graphics. If you
feel they are needed, you will supply us photographs either in digital or
printed format. If you choose to buy stock photographs we can suggest
vendors of stock photography. Any time we spend searching for photos,
taking photographs or creating graphics will be charged at $50 per hour,
after a free initial consultation to determine if this is the best route to
take.


Changes and revisions


The prices at the beginning of this document are based on the number of
days that we estimate we'll need to accomplish everything that you have
told us you want to achieve. If you do want to change your mind, add extra
pages or templates or even add new functionality, that won't be a problem.
You will be charged according to the time it takes us to accommodate these
changes. We will always make sure you are aware of these costs in writing
before charging you. Along the way we might ask you to put requests in
writing so we can keep track of changes.


Legal stuff


We aren't liable to you or any third party for damages, including lost
profits, lost savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages
arising out of any part of our collaboration, even if you have advised us
of the possibilities of such damages.


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.


Copyrights


You guarantee to us that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide us for inclusion in the App
are either owned by your good selfs, or that you have permission to use
them.


Copyright is automatically assigned as follows:


We own the graphics and other visual elements that we create for you for
this project. The rights to these graphics and other visual elements will
only be transferred to you in a later contract. At that time, we will give
you a copy of all files and you should store them really safely as we are
not required to keep them or provide any native source files that we used
in making them.


You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless
someone else owns them. We own any text content, photographs and other data
that we provide, until they are transferred to you in a later contract.


We own the HTML markup, CSS, PHP and other code and we license it to you
for use on only this project.


We love to show off our work and share what we have learned with other
people, so we also reserve the right to display and link to your completed
project as part of our portfolio and to write about the project on web
sites, in magazine articles and in books about web design.


As we own all intellectual property that you have not directly provided to
us at this stage of the project, you may not use any of this intellectual
property for any purpose other than promotion and advertising until the
rights are transferred to you in a later contract.


Payments


We are sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that we send you promptly. We will not begin work until we
have received the full agreed upon amount.


100% of total initial deposit: $1000 CAD


Interest accrued if payment is more than 14 days late is 5% of outstanding
amount to be added every 7 days, starting from 15th day after receipt of
finished product.


The amount received in Surpass Web's bank account must be 1000$ CAD. Any
fees that would lower this amount (such as PayPal fees) must be paid in
full by William Downer & Myung Chan Parck. We must not be penalized for
your choice of payment method.


But where is all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you cannot transfer this contract to anyone
else without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document.


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their own records.

