
Date: [TODAY'S DATE]


Contract between St.Joe Web and [CLIENT NAME].


Summary:


We’ll always do our best to fulfill your needs and meet your expectations,
but it’s important to have things written down so that we both know what’s
what, who should do what and when, and what will happen if something goes
wrong. In this contract you won’t find any complicated legal terms or long
passages of unreadable text. We’ve no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. What we do want is what’s best for
both parties, now and in the future.


So in short;


You ([CLIENT NAME]), located at [CLIENT ADDRESS] are hiring us (St.Joe Web)
located at 518 Felix St. Saint Joseph, MO 64506 to design and develop a web
site for the estimated total price of $0.00. Of course it’s a little more
complicated, but we’ll get to that.


What do both parties agree to do?


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself, your company or your organization. You’ll give us everything we
need to complete the project as and when and in the format we need it.
You’ll review our work, provide feedback and approval in a timely manner
too. Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be bound by dates we set
together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out at the
end of this contract.


Us: We have the experience and ability to do everything we’ve agreed with
you and we’ll do it all in a professional and timely manner. We’ll endeavor
to meet every deadline that’s set and on top of that we'll maintain the
confidentiality of everything you give us.


Scope:


[PROJECT SCOPE]


Estimated time of development work: 0 Hours


Cost of this estimated time: $0.00


Hosting and Maintenence:


OFFER FOR NEW CLIENTS: Receive 1 month free hosting once the project is
launched. ($47.50 Value)


Our Wordpress Hosting service plan offers 1/2 hour of service each month to
the client. This time is used mainly for securing offsite backups of client
data (files and database) in several locations, analytics reporting which
is set up per client request, upgrades to client software (such as plugins
or open source), security scans of client sites for malware (as WordPress
and other open-source software alternatives are popular for businesses and
for hackers), and a general assessment of the status of each site on a
monthly basis. If your website is built around a platform, such as
WordPress, we recommend the Basic plan as a minimum requirement for several
reasons:


   1. Open-source platforms, such as WordPress, are a great option for
      businesses as they allow the client various degrees of control over
      the content on the site. Because the source of the software is
      available for anyone to dissect and inspect, open-sourced software can
      be more secure and trusted, as any vulnerability is quickly discovered
      and fixed. However, if a website is not kept up to date with the
      latest plugin and software versions, it is much more likely that at
      some point the site will be exploited.


   2. Taking the time to secure backups of website files and database files
      each month ensures that, if the site does go down or become
      compromised, it can be restored with minimal effort.


   3. Having a nice, understandable, report of site traffic is important
      because it gives data to back up any future improvements that need to
      be made to either the site or a client’s marketing plan.


   4. If a client website is in our hosting environment it is a liability to
      us. If it is not properly taken care of then it is susceptible to
      exploit, which makes every site in our environment equally
      susceptible. We would rather be proactive and forego any issues.


Monthly Reoccurring Hosting: $47.50


Timeline:


Progress Milestone #1 - [MILESTONE 1 TITLE]


Us: [MILESTONE 1 US CONTENT]


You: [MILESTONE 1 YOU CONTENT]


Milestone: [MILESTONE 1 DATE]


Progress Milestone #2 - [MILESTONE 2 TITLE]


Us: [MILESTONE 2 US CONTENT]


You: [MILESTONE 2 YOU CONTENT]


Milestone: [MILESTONE 2 DATE]


Progress Milestone #3 - [MILESTONE 3 TITLE]


Us: [MILESTONE 3 US CONTENT]


You: [MILESTONE 3 YOU CONTENT]


Milestone: [MILESTONE 3 DATE]


The Details


Design


We create look-and-feel designs, and flexible layouts that adapt to the
capabilities of many devices and screen sizes. We create designs
iteratively and use predominantly HTML and CSS so we won’t waste time
mocking up every template as a static visual. We may use static visuals to
indicate a look-and-feel direction (color, texture and typography.) We call
that ‘Iterative Design’.


You’ll have two or more weekly opportunities to review our work and provide
feedback. If, at any stage, you’re not happy with the direction our work is
taking, you’ll pay us in full for everything we’ve produced until that
point and cancel this contract.


Text Content


We’re not responsible for writing any text copy. We will input copy that
has been delivered to us, however, if you’d like us to write new content or
input text for you, we can provide a separate estimate for that.


Photographs


You should supply graphic files in an editable, vector digital format. You
should supply photographs in a high resolution digital format. If you
choose to buy stock photographs, we can suggest stock libraries. If you’d
like us to search for photographs for you, we can provide a separate
estimate for that.


HTML, CSS and JavaScript


We deliver templates developed from HTML5 markup, CSS2.1 + 3 stylesheets
for styling and unobtrusive Javascript for feature detection, poly-fills
and behaviors.


Browser Testing


Browser testing no longer means attempting to make a website look the same
in browsers of different capabilities or on devices with different size
screens. It does mean ensuring that a person’s experience of a design
should be appropriate to the capabilities of a browser or device.


Desktop browser testing


We test our work in current versions of major desktop browsers including
those made by Apple (Safari), Google (Chrome), Microsoft (Internet
Explorer) and Mozilla (Firefox). We’ll also test to ensure Microsoft
Internet Explorer 8 for Windows users get an appropriate, possibly
different, experience. If you need an enhanced design for an older browser,
we can provide a separate estimate for that.


Mobile browser testing


Testing popular small-screen devices is essential in ensuring that a
person’s experience of a design is appropriate to the capabilities of the
device they’re using. We test our work in:


iOS: Safari and Google Chrome


Android 4.1: Google Chrome and Firefox


We currently don’t test Blackberry OS or Blackberry QNX, Opera Mobile,
Symbian or other mobile browsers. If you need us to test using these, we
can provide a separate estimate for that.


Technical support


At St.Joe Web we maintain our own Virtual Private Cloud servers. These
servers are secure and fast and we know them front to back. We prefer that
our clients host in our environment for multiple reasons (such as security,
ease of maintenance, performance, etc). Our servers are not set up for
email or FTP access. If these are requirements of yours, then we can
provide a separate estimate for setting that up.


If you choose to not use our hosting environment, we can set up an account
for you at one of our preferred hosting providers. We can set up your site
on a server, plus any statistics software such as Google Analytics and we
can provide a separate estimate for that. Then, the updates to, and
management of that server will be up to you.


Changes and revisions


We know from experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to
you, as they often limit you to your earliest ideas. We don’t want to limit
your ability to change your mind. The price at the beginning of this
contract is based on the length of time we estimate we’ll need to
accomplish everything you’ve told us you want to achieve, but we’re happy
to be flexible. If you want to change your mind or add anything new, that
won’t be a problem as we’ll provide a separate estimate for that.


Legal stuff


We can’t guarantee that our work will be error-free and so we can’t be
liable to you or any third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost
savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if
you’ve advised us of them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall
be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
shall be deemed severable from this contract and shall not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of text, images or other artwork you
provide are either owned by your good selves, or that you’ve permission to
use them.


Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright will be automatically
assigned as follows:


You’ll own the visual elements that we create for this project. We’ll give
you source files and finished files and you should keep them somewhere safe
as we’re not required to keep a copy. You own all elements of text, images
and data you provided, unless someone else owns them.


We’ll own the unique combination of these elements that constitutes a
complete design and we’ll license that you, exclusively and in perpetuity
for this project only, unless we agree otherwise. We can provide a separate
estimate for that.


We love to show off our work and share what we’ve learned with other
people, so we reserve the right, with your permission, to display and link
to your project as part of our portfolio and to write about it on websites,
in magazine articles and in books.


Payments


We’re sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that we send you promptly. As we’re also sure you’ll want
to stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment
schedule.


Invoices will be sent out through email at the end of every month for
Progress Milestones reached (refer to the above Timeline section for
details on these Milestones). The Progress Milestones will be invoiced for
approximately 1/3 of total project estimate. In this case, that will be
roughly $0.00 per milestone reached.


But where’s all the horrible small print?


You can’t transfer this contract to anyone else without our permission.
This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If for some reason
one part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of Missouri
courts.


The Dotted Line...


Signed by and on behalf of St.Joe Web


Signed by and on behalf of [CLIENT NAME]


Date [TODAY'S DATE]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.

