
                           [DRAFT / CONFIDENTIAL]


             [6%] [SENIOR] [SECURED] Convertible Note Term Sheet


This term sheet summarizes key terms of a proposed convertible note
issuance, for discussion purposes only. It is non-binding and is not self-
executing. No party has any obligation with respect to the proposed note
issuance unless and until it signs a definitive agreement governing such
transaction. Any party may end discussions at any time for any reason or no
reason at all. [Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto agree to
be bound by the provisions contained in the paragraphs entitled
“Confidentiality”, “Governing Law”, “Exclusivity”, and “Expenses”.]


Issuer: [COLIBRI HEART VALVE LLC], a Colorado Partnership (the “Issuer”)


Purchaser: [THOMAS P. REAGAN], a [AN EXISTING INVESTOR IN THE EQUITY OF THE
ISSUER] (the “Purchaser”)


Issuance: Convertible promissory note due [DECEMBER 31, 2014] (the “Note”)


Principal: Up to $[1,500,000]; amounts of $250,000 can be drawn monthly for
a maximum period of six consecutive months subject to meeting the drawdown
conditions.


Target Closing Date: On or before [DECEMBER 31, 2012], or as soon as
practicable after satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions to occur
simultaneously with signing the definitive documentation.


Interest: [6]% per year, capitalized into the Note’s principal.


Payment Dates: All payments of interest and or principal are due at
maturity.


Maturity: Unless converted, the Note matures on [DECEMBER 31, 2014].


Use of Proceeds: Proceeds from the Note issuance must be used for general
corporate purposes.


Ranking: Senior/Secured.


Permitted Indebtedness: (i) Mechanics’ liens and obligations to trade
creditors, (ii) existing indebtedness [(NONE)], and (iii) Unsecured
indebtedness from a commercial bank or comparable lender for working
capital purposes in an amount not to exceed $[10,000].


Security: The Note will be secured by a first priority lien on all the
Issuer’s assets and business including all real property, assets, accounts
receivable, intellectual property (including all patients awarded and
applied for), securities, commercial tort claims, contract rights and
insurance claims.


Guaranty: The Issuer’s obligations will be fully and unconditionally
guaranteed on a joint and several basis by the Issuer.


Mandatory Conversion: The outstanding principal and interest on the Note
will convert automatically into shares of the Issuer’s [COMMON OR PREFERRED
STOCK] upon any of the following events:


    • The Issuer accepts a third-party cash investment in an aggregate
      amount of at least $$1,5000,000 in which case the Purchaser will
      receive equity of the same type as it currently holds without
      suffering dilution; or
    • The issuer achieves annual EBITDA of at least $1,500,000, in which
      case the Purchaser will receive shares of the Issuer’s common stock;
      or
    • The Issuer agrees to a change-of-control or sale of substantially all
      the Issuer’s business and assets to a third party.


Redemption: If the Issuer agrees to a change-of-control or sale of
substantially all the Issuer’s business and assets to a third party, the
Issuer must redeem the Note in cash or in liquid securities mutually agreed
by the Issuer and Purchaser, at [200]% of the outstanding principal and
interest on the Note.


Conversion Price: Upon conversion due to a third-party investment or change-
of-control, the Purchaser will receive new equity in an amount that values
the Issuer’s total outstanding equity pre-money valuation of $4.89 per
share as established in the B round.


Board Seat / Info Rights: The Issuer’s Board of Directors will add [1 NEW]
member as defined by the Purchaser . The Purchaser will have customary
information and inspection rights, including receipt of all periodic
financial and investor information reports that the Issuer prepares for its
stockholders. While the Note remains outstanding the Issuer will prepare
and deliver to the Purchase an annual budget, annual [AUDITED OR UNAUDITED
(IF AGREED BY THE PURCHASER)] financial statements within 30 days of each
fiscal year end, quarterly unaudited financial statements within 30 days of
each fiscal quarter end.


Reps and Warranties: The Issuer will make standard representations and
warranties for a financing of this type.


Covenants: The Note will contain standard affirmative and negative
covenants for a financing of this type, including but not limited to the
following covenants. Covenant waivers will require the consent of Note
holders representing a majority (51%) of the outstanding principal and
interest on the Notes.


Affirmative covenants will require the Issuer to:


    • continue its corporate existence
    • maintain insurance policies on real property, inventory, vehicles, key
      man life, etc.
    • comply with all applicable laws
    • continue to execute the business plan as set forth in the official
      buisness plan as well as any changes agreed during the ongoing due
      diligence discussions
    • protect its intellectual property including filing applications for
      viable patent clains as wellas proper registration of copyrights of
      trademarks to enable perfection of any security interest in the them
      under the Note on an ongoing basis
    • prepare financial reports in accordance with GAAP on a quarterly basis
      and annual reports audited reports prepared by an outside accountant.


Negative covenants will forbid the Issuer to:


    • change its business or enter a new line of business without prior
      written approval
    • dispose of its assets other than in the ordinary course of business
      and in an amount not to exceed $2,500 in the aggregate
    • enter into any agreement to merge or combine with another company
      without prior written approval
    • make any acquisition of another company, its business or assets,
      except for certain purchases of inventory in the ordinary course of
      business
    • issue dividends, stock repurchases or redemptions, make payments with
      respect to subordinated debt, or make other restricted payments in an
      aggregate amount exceeding $0
    • Make any loans or investments in an aggregate amount exceeding $0
      other than in the ordinary course of business
    • incur any lien or make any negative pledge, other than mechanics’
      liens in favor of suppliers incurred in the ordinary course of
      business
    • incur any additional indebtedness, including guaranties, sale-
      leasebacks, and other contingent obligations [in an aggregate amount
      exceeding $0


Events of Default: The Note will include events of default customary for
financings of this type, including but not limited to the following.


Automatic events of default will give rise to a default upon their
occurrence:


    • failure to pay interest or principal when due
    • the Issuer’s voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency
    • any default by the Issuer under other material indebtedness


The following events of default trigger the Purchaser’s right of Note
holders representing 51% of the outstanding principal and interest on the
Notes to declare a default:


    • covenant violation
    • inaccurate reps and warranties
    • material legal judgment against the Issuer, including final and
      unappealable invalidation of key patent claims by a court of law
    • default under a material contract


Closing Conditions: The parties’ obligation to close will be contingent on
customary conditions for a financing of this type, including satisfactory
completion of the Purchaser’s due diligence, third party consents, and any
board approvals required to effecr the foregoing.


Registration Rights: The holder(s) of shares of stock issued upon the
Note’s conversion will have customary registration rights, including the
right to piggyback on any registration of shares from the same class of
equity by the Issuer


Transferability: The Purchaser may not transfer the Note, except in
compliance with applicable terms of the underlying Shareholders Agreement


Documentation: The {Issuer’s} counsel will prepare initial drafts of
definitive legal documentation for review and comment by the [Purchaser’s]
counsel. The definitive documentation will combine all of the pertinent
elements combined in a single document to be executed on closing.


Governing Law and Jurisdiction: This term sheet and the definitive
documentation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the state of Colorado.


Confidentiality: Except as otherwise required by law, the Issuer will not
disclose the existence or terms of this term sheet or any of the matters
referred to herein (“Confidential Information”) to any persons other than
its executive officers, directors, accountants and attorneys, and shall
inform all recipients of Confidential Information that they may not
disclose it to third parties. The Purchaser is responsible for all such
recipients’ conduct with respect to the Confidential Information.


Exclusivity: During the period commencing on the date hereof and continuing
until the term sheet has been mutually agreed neither the Issuer, nor any
of its respective affiliates, agents, principals, attorneys, or other
representatives shall directly or indirectly contact, solicit, encourage or
negotiate with any person or entity other than Purchaser with respect to
any transaction involving the purchase of equity interests of the Company,
or substantially all of its business and assets (a “Competing
Transaction”). If Seller receives or becomes aware of any offer to engage
in a Competing Transaction, he will promptly notify Purchaser of such
offer, its terms, and the offeror’s identity.


Immediately after signing this term sheet, the Issuer shall offer the exact
term and conditions defined herein to all of its' existing shareholders and
members without limitation and pursuant to section 2.8 and 2.9 of t ts
First Amendment To First Amended And Restated Limited Liability Company
Agreement For Colibri Heart Valve LLC, [dated 1/16/2011].


Expenses: The parties will pay their own expenses in connection with this
transaction.


Amendment: The Notes may only be amended by a written instrument signed by
Note holders representing a majority of the outstanding principal and
interest on the Notes. Any such amendment will be binding on all Note
holders.

