
                           [DRAFT / CONFIDENTIAL]


   [[__%]] [[UN/SECURED]] [[UN/SUBORDINATED]] Convertible Note Term Sheet


This term sheet summarizes key terms of a proposed convertible note
issuance, for discussion purposes only.  It is non-binding and is not self-
executing. No party has any obligation with respect to the proposed note
issuance unless and until it signs a definitive agreement governing such
transaction. Any party may end discussions at any time for any reason or no
reason at all. [Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties hereto agree to
be bound by the provisions contained in the paragraphs entitled
“Confidentiality”, “Governing Law”, “Exclusivity”, and “Expenses”.]


Issuer:  [ISSUER], a Delaware corporation (the “Issuer”)


Purchaser:  [PURCHASER], a [DESCRIBE ENTITY OR ENTITIES] (the “Purchaser”)


Issuance:  Convertible promissory note due [YEAR DUE] (the “Note”)


Principal:  [Up to] $[PRINCIPAL AMOUNT]; the Purchaser will pay face value
for the Note. 


Target Closing Date:  On or before [TARGET CLOSING DATE], [or as soon as
practicable after satisfaction or waiver of all closing conditions] [to
occur simultaneously with signing the definitive documentation]


Interest:  


[ANNUAL CAPITALIZED INTEREST]% per year, capitalized into the Note’s
principal.


2% per year default penalty. 


Payment Dates:  [Quarterly, in arrears [beginning on [START DATE]]] [Upon
maturity]


Maturity:  Unless converted, the Note matures on the [NUMERAL (FIRST,
SECOND, ETC.)] anniversary of the closing date.


Use of Proceeds:  Proceeds from the Note issuance must be used [for general
corporate purposes]. 


Ranking:  [[SENIOR / JUNIOR / SUBORDINATED]] [[SECURED / UNSECURED]]
ranking.  


[Permitted Indebtedness:  (i) Mechanics’ liens and obligations to trade
creditors, (ii) existing indebtedness [[DESCRIBE]], and (iii) [Unsecured]
indebtedness from a commercial bank or comparable lender [for (describe
purpose)] in an amount not to exceed $[[MAX INDEBTEDNESS]].] 


[Security:  The Note will be secured by a [first priority] [subordinated]
lien on [all the Issuer’s assets and business]  [real property] [assets]
[accounts receivable] [intellectual property] [securities] [commercial tort
claims] [contract rights] [insurance claims].]


[Guaranty:  The Issuer’s obligations will be fully and unconditionally
guaranteed [on a joint and several basis] by [the founders / subsidiaries /
parent corp / other guarantor].]


Mandatory Conversion:  The outstanding principal and interest on the Note
will convert automatically into shares of the Issuer’s [COMMON OR PREFERRED
STOCK] upon any of the following events:


    • The Issuer accepts a third-party cash investment [in an aggregate
      amount of at least $[MINIMUM 3RD PARTY INVESTMENT ]in the Issuer in
      exchange for shares of its stock, in which case the Purchaser will
      receive equity of the same type and on substantially the same terms
      and conditions as the third-party investor or syndicate; or
       
    • The issuer achieves annual [revenue, earnings, or other defined
      milestone] [calculated in accordance with GAAP / IFRS] of at least
      $[MINIMUM ACHIEVEMENT], in which case the Purchaser will receive
      shares of the Issuer’s common stock; or  


    • [The Issuer agrees to a change-of-control or sale of substantially all
      the Issuer’s business and assets to a third party.]


[Redemption:  If the Issuer agrees to a change-of-control or sale of
substantially all the Issuer’s business and assets to a third party, the
Issuer must redeem the Note in cash [or liquid securities] at [% OF
OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST]% of the outstanding principal and
interest on the Note.] 


Conversion Price:  Upon conversion due to a third-party investment [or
change-of-control], the Purchaser will receive new equity in an amount that
values the Issuer’s total outstanding equity pre-money at the [minimum]
[weighted average] valuation offered in that round, minus [(i)] __% [if the
conversion occurs on or before [CONVERSION DATE (I)], (ii) __% if the
conversion occurs on or before [CONVERSION DATE (II)], or (iii) __% if the
conversion occurs on or before [CONVERSION DATE (III)]] (the “Discount”),
and in any case not to exceed an implied pre-money valuation of $[CAP] (the
“Cap”). 


Upon conversion due to the Issuer’s achieving a performance milestone, the
Purchaser will receive new equity [in an amount that values the Issuer’s
total outstanding equity pre-money at $[NEW OUTSTANDING EQUITY
VALUATION]  [at fair market value based on [a defined formula]] as
determined by a mutually acceptable valuation agent, subject to the
Discount and Cap].


Board Seat / Info Rights:  The Issuer’s Board of Directors will consist of
[# MEMBERS] members.  The Purchaser may appoint [# PURCHASER CAN
APPOINT] member[s] to the Issuer’s Board of Directors to represent the
Purchaser’s interests while the Note remains outstanding.  [The Issuer will
appoint [an] independent member[s] to [one] of the remaining
directorships.]  [Upon closing, the initial members will be [the CEO, the
Purchaser representative, etc.]] 


The Purchaser will have customary information and inspection rights,
including to receive all periodic financial and investor information
reports that the Issuer prepares for its stockholders.  [While the Note
remains outstanding the Issuer will prepare and deliver to the Purchaser:
an annual budget, annual [AUDITED / UNAUDITED] financial statements [within
__ days of each fiscal year end], quarterly unaudited financial statements
[within __ days of each fiscal quarter end].]


Reps and Warranties:  The Issuer will make standard representations and
warranties for a financing of this type.


Covenants:  The Note will contain standard affirmative and negative
covenants for a financing of this type, including but not limited to the
following covenants.  [Covenant waivers require the consent of Note holders
representing [a majority] __% of the outstanding principal and interest on
the Notes.]


Affirmative covenants will require the Issuer to:


    • continue its corporate existence
       
    • maintain insurance policies on [real property] [inventory] [vehicles]
      [key man life]
       
    • comply with applicable law


    • pay taxes


    • protect its intellectual property 
       
    • prepare financial reports [in accordance with [GAAP / IFRS]] on a
      quarterly basis and annual reports [[[REVIEWED] / [AUDITED]] by an
      outside accountant]]


Negative covenants will forbid the Issuer to:


    • change its business or enter a new line of business
       
    • dispose of its assets other than in the ordinary course of business
      [and not to exceed $__ in the aggregate]
       
    • enter into any agreement to merge or combine with another company
       
    • make any acquisition of another company, its business or assets [,
      except for certain purchases of inventory in the ordinary course of
      business] 
       
    • issue dividends, stock repurchases or redemptions, make payments with
      respect to subordinated debt, or make other restricted payments [in an
      aggregate amount exceeding $____]
       
    • Make any loans or investments [in an aggregate amount exceeding $____]
      [other than in the ordinary course of business]
       
    • incur any lien or make any negative pledge, other than mechanics’
      liens in favor of suppliers incurred in the ordinary course of
      business
       
    • incur any additional indebtedness, including guaranties, sale-
      leasebacks, and other contingent obligations [in an aggregate amount
      exceeding $_____] [other than in the ordinary course of business]
       
    • engage in any transactions with insiders or their affiliates [, except
      for [OUTLINE EXCEPTIONS HERE]]
       
    • increase the size of its Board of Directors beyond [BOARD SIZE
      MAX] members
       
    • increase the annual cash compensation for any employee beyond $[CASH
      COMPENSATION MAX] or by more than [COMPENSATION MAX %]% over the
      previous year


Events of Default:  The Note will include events of default customary for
financings of this type, including but not limited to the following.


Automatic events of default will give rise to a default upon their
occurrence:


    • failure to pay interest or principal when due
       
    • the Issuer’s voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy or insolvency
       
    • any default by the Issuer under other material indebtedness


The following events of default trigger the [Purchaser’s] right [of Note
holders representing [a majority] [__%] of the outstanding principal and
interest on the Notes] to declare a default:


    • covenant violation
       
    • inaccurate reps and warranties
       
    • material legal judgment against the Issuer [, including [final and
      unappealable] invalidation of key patent claims by a court of law] 
       
    • default under a material contract


[Closing Conditions:  The parties’ obligation to close will be contingent
on customary conditions for a financing of this type, including
[satisfactory completion of the Purchaser’s due diligence] [regulatory
approvals] [third party consents] [the Purchaser’s obtaining third-party
financing in an amount sufficient to fund the purchase price and on terms
satisfactory to it].]  


Registration Rights:  The holders of shares of stock issued upon the Note’s
conversion will have customary registration rights, including the right to
piggyback on any registration of shares from the same class of equity by
the Issuer


Transferability:  The Purchaser may not transfer the Note [, except [to its
affiliates and] in compliance with applicable state and federal securities
laws.]


[Documentation:  The [Issuer’s counsel] will prepare initial drafts of
definitive legal documentation for review and comment by the [Purchaser’s
counsel]. The definitive documentation [will combine the loan agreement
terms, the convertible note [, and the security agreement] in a single
document] [will consist of a note purchase agreement with attached forms of
the note[s] and security agreement to be executed on closing].


Governing Law and Jurisdiction: [This term sheet and the definitive
documentation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of New York State applicable to transactions signed and to be
performed solely within such state. 


Confidentiality:  [This term sheet is Confidential Information within the
meaning used in the confidentiality agreement, dated [CONFIDENTIALITY
AGREEMENT DATE], between the parties hereto.]  


[Except as otherwise required by law, the Issuer will not disclose the
existence or terms of this term sheet or any of the matters referred to
herein (“Confidential Information”) to any persons other than its executive
officers, directors, accountants and attorneys, and shall inform all
recipients of Confidential Information that they may not disclose it to
third parties. The Purchaser is responsible for all such recipients’
conduct with respect to the Confidential Information.  The Issuer may seek
injunctive relief, in addition to other remedies, to enforce this
provision.]


Exclusivity:  During the period commencing on the date hereof and
continuing for 90 days, neither the Issuer, nor any of its respective
affiliates, agents, principals, attorneys, or other representatives shall
directly or indirectly contact, solicit, encourage or negotiate with any
person or entity other than Purchaser with respect to any transaction
involving the purchase of equity interests of the Company, or substantially
all of its business and assets (a “Competing Transaction”). If Seller
receives or becomes aware of any offer to engage in a Competing
Transaction, he will promptly notify Purchaser of such offer, its terms,
and the offeror’s identity.


Expenses:  [The parties will pay their own expenses in connection with this
transaction.] [Contingent upon closing, the Issuer will pay all of the
Purchaser’s third-party expenses from the date hereof in connection with
this transaction, including legal and financial advisory fees, up to a
maximum amount of $[THIRD-PARTY EXPENSES MAX], from the proceeds of the
Issuance.]


[Amendment:  The Notes may only be amended by a written instrument signed
by Note holders representing a majority of the outstanding principal and
interest on the Notes. Any such amendment will be binding on all Note
holders.]  

