
THIS AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into effective as of
the [MAR 28, 2017] (the “Effective Date”), by and between [CONTENT PROVIDER
NAME], a [CONTENT PROVIDER] (the “Licensor”), and [CHUNGYUN LEE], a
[TRANSVIDIO] (the “Licensee”).


RECITALS:


(A) Licensor owns all proprietary rights in and to the copyrightable and/or
copyrighted works as described in [APPENDIX A], incorporated herein by
reference, and hereinafter collectively known as the “Work”, and has the
exclusive right to license to others the right to produce, copy, make,
sublicense or sell the Work.


(B) Licensor owns all rights in and to the Work and retains all rights to
the Work, which are not transferred herein, and retains all common law
copyrights and all federal copyrights which have been, or which may be,
granted by the Library of Congress.


(C) Licensee desires to obtain, and Licensor has agreed to grant, a license
authorizing the use of the Work by Licensee in accordance with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants
and agreements hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable
consideration as set forth herein, Licensor and Licensee agree as follows:


1. Grant of License.


(A) Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, a non-exclusive, non-transferrable license to
use the Work in the course of its business and for its own internal
business purposes, and for no other purpose whatsoever without the express
written permission of the Licensor. Licensee may copy the Work in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for general advertising
materials and point of sale displays, advertising, and other promotional
materials for the Work, and for its own internal business purposes. Any
other use made by Licensee shall only occur upon the receipt of prior
written approval from Licensor.


(B) Licensee shall not sell, grant sub-licenses or distribute the Work in
any way without the prior express written approval of Licensor.


(C) Licensee hereby accepts such license and agrees that Licensee shall not
use the Work except in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.


2. Ownership of the Work.


Licensee acknowledges that Licensor is the sole and exclusive owner of the
Work and of all associated federal intellectual property registrations and
pending registrations, as applicable, and Licensee shall do nothing
inconsistent with such ownership. Licensee further agrees that it will not
claim ownership rights to the Work, or any derivative, compilation, sequel
or series, or related Work owned by or used by Licensor. Licensee agrees
that nothing in this Agreement shall give Licensee any right, title, or
interest in the Work other than the right to use the same in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. Licensee agrees not to make similar
derivatives of the Work. Licensee admits the validity of all copyrights for
the Work and all associated intellectual property registrations, and
acknowledges that any and all rights that might be acquired by Licensee
because of its use of the Work shall inure to the sole benefit of Licensor.


3. Term and Termination.


(A) This Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall
continue in full force and effect for a period of [ONE YEAR], and shall
automatically renew for additional [ONE-YEAR] periods, unless either party
provides written notice of non-renewal to the other party, not less than
[SIXTY] days prior to the expiration of any [ONE YEAR] term.


(B) In the event that Licensee sells all of its assets to a third party, or
otherwise ceases to exist in its current form, Licensor, at its discretion,
may immediately terminate this Agreement.


(C) Upon termination or expiration of the license granted under this
Agreement by operation of law or otherwise, all rights, including the right
to use the Work, privileges and obligations arising from this Agreement
shall cease to exist.


4. Use of the Work.


(A) Licensor shall have control over the quality of use of the Work and the
quality of any goods and/or services sold under or related to the Work. At
the option of Licensor, Licensor will provide to Licensee an approved
copyright notice and/or trademark notice to be prominently displayed on
each copy of the Work published. For all advertisements and packaging of
the Work, Licensee shall display with the Work the approved notices
notifying the consumer of the copyright and/or trademark rights owned by
and licensed within this Agreement. Licensee agrees to mark all Work with
any reasonable copyright and/or trademark notices provided by Licensor and
comply with any reasonable standards promulgated by Licensor that relate to
the intellectual property protection and use of the Work by Licensee.


5. Profit Sharing.


Any and all profits after expenses, specific to the business operations
defined, are eligible for profit sharing. Profits will be calculated as
sales for that period minus expenses for that period, leveraging GAAP,
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The Licensor shall be entitled to
[80%] of the profits earned for profit of works as described in [APPENDIX
A], that are a direct result of the Licensor's efforts.


6.Method Of Profit Return.


Profit shall be returned to the Licensor in accordance with the Profit
Sharing via PAYPAL.


7. Indemnification.


(A) Licensee shall fully indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Licensor from
and against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses, and liability —
other than those for infringement, including without limitation, suits
arising from offering, promoting, advertising, sale, or use by Licensee, or
any of its authorized sub-licenses, of the Work, whether or not such use
conforms to standards set by Licensor, provided that such claim, loss,
damage, expense, or liability does not arise from the negligence of
Licensor.


(B) Licensor has the right, but shall not be obligated, to obtain and
maintain federal intellectual property registration of the Work. In the
event that Licensee becomes aware of any claimed or alleged infringement of
the Work by a third party, Licensee shall promptly advise Licensor in
writing of the nature and extent of such infringement or dilution. Licensor
has no obligation to take any action whatsoever in the event that any
infringement or dilution occurs with respect to the Work, but Licensor
shall have the sole right to determine whether any action shall be taken.
In the event Licensor sues or takes other action, legal, equitable,
administrative, or otherwise, to stop an infringement or dilution of the
Work, Licensee shall cooperate fully with Licensor. Licensee has no right
to enforce the Work through litigation without prior written authorization
of Licensor. In any legal action arising from use, or ownership rights of
the Work, where both Licensor and Licensee are co-parties, Licensor retains
the right to control the litigation, including any and all settlement
negotiations.


8.Taxes


Licensor shall be responsible for payment of taxes. Payment of any taxes,
including possessory interest taxes, and California sales and use taxes,
levied upon this Agreement, the transaction, or the services delivered
pursuant hereto, shall be the obligation of Licensor, if applicable.


9. Arbitration and Governing Law.


All disputes arising from the terms of this Agreement may be subjected to
binding arbitration upon consent of both parties, with one arbitrator
selected by each party, and a third arbitrator selected by the two chosen
arbitrators. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of without regard to the conflicts of laws rules
thereof and any arbitration shall be brought in using laws.


10. Independent Business Relationship.


Licensor and Licensee are independent entities and are not and shall not be
construed as joint venturers, partners, employer/employee, or agents of the
other, and neither shall have the power to bind or obligate the other,
except as set forth in this Agreement.


11. Miscellaneous.


(A) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of
the Licensor and Licensee with respect to the subject matter hereof,
superseding any and all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations, and
discussions. No amendment, alteration, modification, or waiver of this
Agreement shall be binding unless evidenced by an instrument in writing
signed by the party against whom enforcement thereof is sought.


(B) If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of such
provision to any person or circumstance shall be held invalid, the
remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such provisions to any
other persons or circumstances, shall not be affected thereby.


(C) This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the
same document.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the
date first above written.


Appendix A


[DESCRIPTION OF THE COPYRIGHTABLE/COPYRIGHTED WORK]

