
Ladies and Gentlemen:


We have acted as special New York counsel to [__________], a Delaware
corporation (the “Borrower”), in connection with the Credit Agreement of
even date herewith (the “Credit Agreement”), among the Borrower, the
lenders party thereto (collectively, the “Lenders”) and [____________], as
administrative agent for the Lenders (in such capacity, the “Administrative
Agent”). This opinion is being delivered to you pursuant to Section [__] of
the Credit Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have
the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.


In that connection, we have examined originals, or copies certified or
otherwise identified to our satisfaction, of such documents, corporate
records and other instruments as we have deemed necessary or appropriate
for purposes of this opinion, including:


(i) the Credit Agreement,


(ii) the Pledge and Security Agreement, and


(iii) the Guaranty Agreement.


The documents described in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the immediately
preceding sentence are sometimes referred to herein as the “Agreements”. We
have also relied, with respect to certain factual matters, on the
representations and warranties of each Credit Party contained in the
Agreements and have assumed compliance by each Credit Party with the terms
of the Agreements.


In rendering our opinion, we have assumed (a) the genuineness of all
signatures, (b) the due existence of each Credit Party, (c) that each party
(including the Credit Parties) to the Agreements has all necessary power,
authority and legal right to execute and deliver the Agreements to which it
is a party and to perform its obligations thereunder and that each
Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of each party thereto
other than the Credit Parties, (d) the due authorization, execution and
delivery of the Agreements by all parties thereto (including the Credit
Parties), (e) the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as
originals, (f) the conformity to original documents of all documents
submitted to us as copies, (g) that the choice of New York law contained in
the Agreements was not qualified by giving effect to Federal laws
applicable to national banks and (h) that insofar as any obligation under
any Agreement is to be performed in, or by a party organized under the laws
of, any jurisdiction outside the State of New York, its performance will
not be illegal or ineffective in any jurisdiction by virtue of the law of
that jurisdiction.


Based on the foregoing and subject to the qualifications hereinafter set
forth, we are of opinion as follows:


   1. The execution and delivery by each Credit Party of the Agreements to
      which it is a party, the performance by each Credit Party of its
      obligations thereunder and the grant by each Grantor (as defined in
      the Pledge and Security Agreement) of security interests pursuant to
      the Pledge and Security Agreement do not violate any law, rule or
      regulation of the United States of America or the State of New York.
   2. To the extent governed by New York law, each Agreement constitutes a
      legal, valid and binding obligation of each Credit Party party
      thereto, enforceable against such Credit Party in accordance with its
      terms, subject in each case to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency,
      reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and other similar laws
      relating to or affecting creditors' rights generally from time to time
      in effect and to general principles of equity (including, without
      limitation, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and
      fair dealing), regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in
      equity or at law. The foregoing opinion is subject to the following
      qualifications: (i) certain provisions of the Agreements are or may be
      unenforceable in whole or part under the laws of the State of New
      York, but the inclusion of such provisions does not affect the
      validity of the Agreements or the liens and security interests
      purported to be created by the Agreements, and the Agreements contain
      adequate provisions for the practical realization of the principal
      rights and benefits intended to be afforded thereby, (ii) insofar as
      provisions contained in the Agreements provide for indemnification or
      limitations on liability, the enforceability thereof may be limited by
      public policy considerations, (iii) the availability of a decree for
      specific performance or an injunction is subject to the discretion of
      the court requested to issue any such decree or injunction and (iv) we
      express no opinion as to the effect of the laws of any jurisdiction
      other than the State of New York where any Lender may be located or
      where enforcement of the Agreements may be sought that limit the rates
      of interest legally chargeable or collectible.
   3. No authorization, approval or other action by, and no notice to,
      consent of, order of or filing with, any United States Federal or New
      York State governmental authority is required to be made or obtained
      by any Credit Party in connection with the execution, delivery and
      performance by any Credit Party of the Agreements to which it is a
      party or the grant by each Grantor of the security interests under the
      Pledge and Security Agreement, other than (i) such reports to United
      States governmental authorities regarding international capital and
      foreign currency transactions as may be required pursuant to 31 C.F.R.
      Part 128, (ii) those that have been made or obtained and are in full
      force and effect or as to which the failure to be made or obtained or
      to be in full force and effect should not result, individually or in
      the aggregate, in a material adverse effect on the Borrower and its
      Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (iii) those under Federal or state
      laws as may be necessary in connection with the exercise of remedies
      or sale of collateral or the granting of additional security interests
      or guarantees pursuant to the Agreements, (iv) those that are required
      in order to perfect or record security interests granted under the
      Agreements and (v) those that may be required because of the legal or
      regulatory status of any Lender or because of any other facts
      specifically pertaining to any Lender.
   4. Assuming that the Borrower complies with the provisions of the Credit
      Agreement relating to the use of proceeds of the Loans, the making of
      the Loans under the Credit Agreement on the date hereof does not
      violate Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal
      Reserve System.
   5. The provisions of the Pledge and Security Agreement are sufficient to
      create in favor of the Administrative Agent a security interest in all
      right, title and interest of each Credit Party party thereto in such
      of the Collateral (as defined therein) as constitutes “accounts”,
      “chattel paper”, “documents”, “equipment”, “general intangibles”,
      “goods”, “instruments”, “inventory” and “investment property” within
      the meaning of the Uniform Commercial Code of the State of New York as
      in effect on the date hereof (the “New York UCC”) (such of the
      Collateral being hereinafter referred to as the “Specified UCC
      Collateral”), to the extent that the creation of security interests in
      the Specified UCC Collateral is governed by the New York UCC.


Our opinion expressed in paragraph 5 is qualified as follows:


   1. we express no opinion as to (i) rights in or title to any Collateral
      held by any Credit Party or (ii) the completeness or accuracy of the
      description in any documents of any Collateral;
   2. we express no opinion as to the creation of any security interests (i)
      in any item of Collateral other than the Specified UCC Collateral or
      (ii) in any item of Collateral that is expressly excluded from the
      application of the New York UCC pursuant to Section 9-109 thereof;
   3. we express no opinion as to the perfection or priority of any security
      interests created under the Agreements;
   4. in the case of property that becomes Collateral after the date hereof,
      Section 552 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy
      Code”) limits the extent to which property acquired by a debtor after
      the commencement of a case under the Bankruptcy Code may be subject to
      a security interest arising from a security agreement entered into by
      the debtor before the commencement of such case;
   5. we express no opinion as to the validity or enforceability of any
      security interest in goods (as defined in the New York UCC) that have
      been bought by a buyer in the ordinary course of business (as defined
      in Section 1-201 of the New York UCC);
   6. we express no opinion regarding any copyrights, patents, trademarks,
      service marks or other intellectual property, the proceeds thereof, or
      money due with respect to the lease, license or use thereof except to
      the extent Article 9 of the New York UCC may be applicable to the
      foregoing, and we express no opinion as to the effect of any Federal
      laws relating to copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks or
      other intellectual property on the opinions expressed herein;
   7. we express no opinion as to security interests in any item of
      collateral subject to any restriction on or prohibition against
      assignment or transfer contained in or otherwise applicable to such
      item of collateral or any contract, agreement, license, permit,
      security, instrument or document constituting, evidencing or relating
      to such item, except to the extent that any such restriction or
      prohibition is rendered ineffective pursuant to any of Sections 9-406
      through 9-409, inclusive, of the New York UCC. We note that even
      though the New York UCC may render such a restriction or prohibition
      ineffective for purposes of creation or perfection of a security
      interest, nonetheless, in many cases, such a security interest may
      represent only limited rights in the related items of collateral and
      be subject to various restrictions (including restrictions on rights
      of use, assignment and enforcement); and
   8. we express no opinion as to any Collateral constituting claims against
      any government or governmental agency, including any Collateral that
      is subject to the Federal Assignment of Claims Act.


We express no opinion herein as to any provision in any Agreement that (a)
relates to the subject matter jurisdiction of any Federal court of the
United States of America, or any Federal appellate court, to adjudicate any
controversy related to the Agreements (such as the provision found in
Section 15.2 of the Credit Agreement), (b) contains a waiver of an
inconvenient forum (such as the provision found in Section 15.2 of the
Credit Agreement), (c) relates to a right of setoff in respect of purchases
of interests in loans (such as the provision found in Section 11.2 of the
Credit Agreement) or with respect to parties that may not hold mutual debts
(such as the provision found in Section 11.1 of the Credit Agreement), (d)
provides for liquidated damages or penalty interest, (e) relates to the
waiver of rights to jury trial (such as the provision found in Section 15.3
of the Credit Agreement), (f) relates to governing law to the extent that
it purports to affect the choice of law governing perfection and the effect
of perfection and non-perfection of security interests or (h) relates to
any arrangement or similar fee payable to any arranger (including the
Arranger and the Administrative Agent) of the commitments or loans under
the Credit Agreement or any fee not set forth in the Agreements. We also
express no opinion as to (v) the enforceability of the provisions of any
Agreement to the extent that such provisions constitute a waiver of
illegality as a defense to performance of contract obligations or any other
defense to performance which cannot, as a matter of law, be effectively
waived, (w) whether a state court outside the State of New York or a
Federal court of the United States would give effect to the choice of New
York law provided for in the Agreements, (x) with respect to any Credit
Party organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, the effect of any
provision in the certificate of incorporation of such Credit Party of the
type permitted by Section 102(b)(2) of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware, (y) the effect of qualifying the choice of New York law
by giving effect to Federal laws applicable to national banks or (z)
compliance with, or the application or effect of, Federal or state
securities laws or regulations or the application or effect of any laws or
regulations relating to the provision of healthcare products or services to
which Vitas Healthcare Corporation or any Credit Party or any of its
subsidiaries is subject or the necessity of any authorization, approval or
action by, or any notice to, consent of, order of, or filing with, any
Governmental Authority pursuant to any such laws or regulations.


We understand that you are satisfying yourselves as to the status under
Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable state fraudulent
conveyance laws of the obligations of each Credit Party and the security
interests of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under the Agreements,
and we express no opinion thereon.


We are admitted to practice only in the State of New York, and we express
no opinion as to matters governed by any laws other than the laws of the
State of New York and the Federal law of the United States of America. Our
opinions relating to security interests are limited to Article 9 of the New
York UCC and do not address (i) laws of jurisdictions other than New York,
and laws of New York except for Article 9 of the New York UCC, (ii)
collateral of a type not subject to Article 9 of the New York UCC, (iii)
what law governs perfection and the effect of perfection or non-perfection
of such security interests or (iv) the effect, if any, of laws of
jurisdictions other than New York on the creation, perfection or priority
of such security interests.


This opinion is rendered only to the Administrative Agent and the existing
Lenders under the Credit Agreement and is solely for their benefit in
connection with the above transactions. In addition, we hereby consent to
reliance on this opinion by a permitted assign of a Lender's interest in
the Credit Agreement, provided that such permitted assign becomes a Lender
on or prior to the 30th day after the date of this opinion. We are opining
as to the matters herein only as of the date hereof, and, while you are
authorized to deliver copies of this opinion to such permitted assigns and
they are permitted to rely on this opinion, the rights to do so do not
imply any obligation on our part to update this opinion. This opinion may
not be relied upon by any other person or for any other purpose or used,
circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to for any other purpose.


Very truly yours,


[Law Firm Name]

