

1. Acceptance of the Terms of Service


Welcome to CryptoCurrent! (a.k.a. "we" or "us" or the "Company" -- we also
answer to "Crypto" and "CC" and sometimes "bro"). CryptoCurrent.com is
owned by CryptoCurrent LLC, a registered Limited Liability Company in
Nevada.


We are excited to have you as a client! The following terms and conditions
(collectively, these "Terms of Service") apply to your use of
CryptoCurrent.com, including any content, functionality and services
offered on or via CryptoCurrent.com (the "Website"). The Terms of Service
also include our Privacy Policy, that you can review here.


We want to keep our relationship with you as lean and informal as possible,
but please read these Terms of Service carefully before you start using
CryptoCurrent, because by using the Website you accept and agree to be
bound and abide by these Terms of Service.


Should you disagree with some of the provisions herein, you can either
leave the Website (although we'll be sad to see you go!), or contact us at
info@cryptocurrent.com.


CryptoCurrent has the right to terminate or suspend your access to the
Website for any reason - with or without notice.


2. Changes to the Terms of Service and the Website


CryptoCurrent is a work in progress, meaning that a lot will change in the
near future. We reserve the right to update the Website and these Terms of
Service from time to time, at our discretion. We will make sure to announce
any major change in a prominent way, but since "major" is a very subjective
concept, you can always monitor and subscribe to changes via the ToS
Tracker (yes, we track our own Terms!). Of course, this document is public
on our Website, and you will be able to see the changes for any new version
(just click on the "See all versions" button on the right). Your continued
use of the Website following the publishing of updated Terms of Service
means that you accept and agree to the changes.


All fees are subject to change without notice.


3. Accessing the Website,Security and Privacy


We are working hard on improving CryptoCurrent, but we can't guarantee that
the Website will be up and running 24/7. We also reserve the right to
suspend or restrict access to some features to users. In any case, we will
not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is
unavailable at any time or for any period, nor for any data loss (see also
section 7 below).


To access certain features of the Website you have to provide information
(such as your email address) as part of our security procedures. You must
treat such information as confidential, not disclosing it to any third
party and only using CryptoCurrent in person.


It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you
provide on the Website is correct, current and complete. In the future, you
may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information.
As is custom for internet websites, we reserve the right to disable any
user account, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason,
including, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any provision
of these Terms of Service.


We use SSL encrypted browsing, but we cannot guarantee that all use will be
secure. We also do not guarantee that the Website or any content provided
on the Website is error free. We manage your personal data according to our
Privacy Policy. Any and all data collected will be handled with your
safety, security, and privacy in mind. This means that your email address
is NEVER given out or shared. To increase your level of privacy, we
encourage you to utilize our PGP key in communications with us.
Furthermore, all information resides on an encrypted drive.


4. Intellectual Property Rights and Use Guidelines


The Website and its original content, features and functionality, are owned
by CryptoCurrent and are protected by United States and international
copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property
or proprietary rights laws. You agree to not copy, modify, create
derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, any of
our copyrighted material, except to the extent permitted by the Website
itself. If you have doubts about whether and how to use of material on the
Website, please address your concerns to: info@cryptocurrent.com


For purposes of these Terms of Service, the term “Content” includes,
without limitation, information, data, text, photographs, videos, audio
clips, written posts and comments, software, scripts, graphics, and
interactive features generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on
or through the Website. For the purposes of these Terms of Service,
“Content” also includes all User Content (as defined below).


All Content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted to
the Website by users (collectively “User Content”), whether publicly posted
or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who
originated such User Content. You represent that all User Content provided
by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all
applicable laws, rules and regulations. You acknowledge that all Content,
including User Content, accessed by you using the Website is at your own
risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to you or
any other party resulting therefrom. We do not guarantee that any Content
you access on or through the Website is or will continue to be accurate.


We do not guarantee that any Content will be made available on the Website.
We reserve the right to, but do not have any obligation to, (i) remove,
edit or modify any Content in our sole discretion, at any time, without
notice to you and for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon
receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating
to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have violated these
Terms of Service), or for no reason at all and (ii) to remove or block any
Content from the Website.


You are permitted to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use,
or legitimate business purposes, provided that your activities are lawful
and in accordance with these Terms of Service. Prohibited uses include
violation of laws and regulations, hacking the Website in any manner, or
violating the Content Standards set below. No right, title or interest in
or to the Website or any content on the site is transferred to you, and all
rights not expressly granted are reserved. Any use of the Website not
expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these Terms of
Service and can lead to account termination.


We encourage your feedback, in the form of reviews, comments, and
suggestions or recommendations for modifications, improvements or changes
to the Services or the Site that you may choose in your sole discretion to
provide us from time to time (“Feedback”). When you provide Feedback, you
grant us, under all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback, a non-
exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable,
irrevocable, perpetual license to use that Feedback or to incorporate it
into the Website or other producs or services.


The Website may contain Content specifically provided by us, our partners
or our users and such Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks,
service marks, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights and laws.
You shall abide by and maintain all copyright notices, information, and
restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Website.


5. Delivery & Refund Policy


Delivery of all goods and services will be completed within 24 hours after
the user submits payment unless an unforeseen issue arises. Otherwise, we
agree to deliver - electronically - all goods and services as quickly as
possible. Please be aware that CryptoCurrent has no control over third
party wallets or sites, and that it can take several hours for orders to
show up depending on the speed & health of the network. For each
transaction, we provide users with a blockchain.info link verifying the
bitcoin transfer. This link serves as a receipt of sorts, and confirms that
the goods were sent to a user-specified bitcoin deposit address. For some
sites, six (6) blockchain confirmations are required before the transfer
appears completed. In case of any issues receiving orders, please contact
your wallet provider. We will do all that we can to assist you, but again,
we have no control over the functionality of third party websites,
services, or wallets.


Due to the digital, non-tangible nature of the Website's services,
CryptoCurrent cannot offer refunds of any kind.


6. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification


Your use of CryptoCurrent is at your sole risk. The service is provided "as
is" and "as available". We disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or
implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We are not liable
for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the
Website, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any
claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limites to
attorney's fees) arising from your violation of any third-party's rights.
You acknowledge that you have only a limited, non-exclusive,
nontransferable license to use the Website. Because the Website is not
error or bug free, you agree that you will use it carefully and avoid using
it ways which might result in any loss of your or any third party's
property or information.


WE MAKE NO WARRANTY REGARDING ANY TRANSACTIONS EXECUTED THROUGH, OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS SITE, AND YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT SUCH
TRANSACTIONS ARE CONDUCTED ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.


7. Geographic Restrictions


For now, we provide this Website for use only by persons located in the
United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is
accessible, appropriate or legal outside of the United States. If you
access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own
initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.


8. Governing Law and Jurisdiction


These Terms of Service and any dispute or claim arising out of, or related
to them, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal
laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to any choice or conflict
of law provision or rule.


Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these
Terms of Service or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in
arbitration, the federal courts of the United States, or the courts of the
State of Nevada.


9. Waiver and Severability


Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of
Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms
of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and Docracy and
govern your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements
(including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of
Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any
reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent
such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in
full force and effect.


10. Third Party Exclusion


Users may not direct the proceeds of a transaction to a third party. It is
a violation of these terms to provide any information to CryptoCurrent that
represents any person other than the user. This information includes but is
not limited to: name, address, phone number, email address, and bitcoin
address. CryptoCurrent shall not be held liable for information the user
submits.


11. Legality and Fraud


CryptoCurrent LLC is not an exchange, but a direct, private seller of
bitcoins. As such, we do not hold users' balances (in USD or bitcoins); we
are not a "wallet" service. We will only accept orders that we are able to
fill - this means that if for any reason we cannot fund a transaction, we
will not accept the order.


CryptoCurrent does not condone or facilitate illegal behavior of any kind.
The goods sold by the Website have been obtained legally, and we will not
serve any user that we suspect is involved in criminal activities,
including money laundering. In order to prevent money laundering, there is
a transaction limit of $1000 per user per day. It is the responsibility of
the user not to deposit more than $1000 per day. If the user orders and
funds more than $1000 in one day, the order - or orders - that exceed the
daily transaction limit will be cancelled. In this case, we will attempt to
reach the user via email in order to issue a refund minus a deduction of
15%.


We take fraud extremely seriously and will not tolerate fraud of any kind,
including payment reversal fraud. In the event that a user attempts fraud
of any kind, the user will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
CryptoCurrent will pursue civil legal action seeking any loss of income
related to the fraud including legal fees, investigative costs, downtime
and loss of revenue.


12. Feedback


We welcome any comment, question and communication at
info@cryptocurrent.com


