

                        AGREEMENT FOR DESIGN SERVICES


This Agreement, dated [TODAY'S DATE] (the “Effective Date”) for Design
Services (the “Agreement”) is between [DESIGNER NAME], of [DESIGNER
COMPANY](“Designer”), and [CLIENT NAME], of [CLIENT COMPANY] (“Client”)
(together known as the “Parties”), for the performance of said Design
Services and the production of Deliverables, as described in Schedule A,
attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. The Parties agree as
follows:


1. DEFINITIONS


As used herein and throughout this Agreement:


1.1 “Agreement” means the entire content of this document, the Proposal
document(s) (if any), Schedule A, and Schedule B, together with any other
Supplement, Exhibits, or additional Schedules as may be attached hereto and
incorporated herein by reference.


1.2 “Client Content” means all materials, information, photography,
writings and other creative content provided by Client for use in the
preparation of and/or incorporation in the Deliverables.


1.3 “Copyrights” means the property rights in original works of authorship,
expressed in a tangible medium of expression, as defined and enforceable
under U.S. Copyright Law.


1.4 “Deliverables” means the services and work product, as mutually agreed
upon by Client and Designer, to be delivered by Designer to Client, in the
form and media specified in Schedule A.


1.5 “Designer Tools” means all design tools developed and/or utilized by
Designer in performing the Services, including, without limitation, pre-
existing and newly developed software including source code, Web authoring
tools, type fonts, and application tools, together with any other software,
or other inventions (whether or not patentable), and general non-
copyrightable concepts such as website design, architecture, layout,
navigational and functional elements.


1.6 “Final Art” means all creative content developed or created by
Designer, or commissioned by Designer, exclusively for the Project and
incorporated into and delivered as part of the Final Deliverables,
including, but not limited to, any and all visual designs, visual elements,
graphic design, illustration, photography, animation, sounds, typographic
treatments and text, modifications to Client Content, and Designer’s
selection, arrangement and coordination of such elements together with
Client Content and/or Third Party Materials, and as approved and accepted
by Client.


1.7 “Final Deliverables” means the final versions of Deliverables provided
by Designer and approved and accepted by Client.


1.8 “Preliminary Works” means all artwork including, but not limited to,
concepts, sketches, visual presentations, or other alternate or preliminary
designs and documents, developed by Designer and which may or may not be
shown and or delivered to Client for consideration.


1.9 “Project” means the scope and purpose of Client’s identified usage of
the work product.


1.10 “Services” (or “Designer’s Services”) means all services and the work
product to be provided to Client by Designer as described and otherwise
further defined in the Deliverables.


1.11 “Third Party Materials” means proprietary third party materials which
are incorporated into the Final Deliverables, including, but not limited
to, stock photography or stock illustrations.


1.12 “Trademarks” means trade names, words, symbols, designs, logos or
other devices or designs used to designate the origin or source of goods or
services.


2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY PROVISIONS


2.1 Client Content. Client Content, including all pre-existing Trademarks
and copyright material, shall remain the sole property of Client, and
Client shall be the sole owner of all rights in connection therewith.
Client hereby grants to Designer a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to
use, reproduce, and modify the Client Content solely in connection with
Designer’s performance of the Designer’s Services and the production of the
Deliverables.


2.2 Third Party Materials. All Third Party Materials are the exclusive
property of their respective owners. Designer shall inform Client of all
Third Party Materials that may be required to perform the Design Services
or otherwise integrated into the Final Art. Under such circumstances,
Designer shall inform Client of any need to license.


2.3 Assignment of Copyrights. Upon completion of the Services and
conditioned upon full payment of all fees, costs and out-of-pocket expenses
due, Designer shall assign to Client all ownership rights, including any
copyrights, in and to any artworks or designs comprising the works created
by Designer as part of the Final Art and Final Deliverables for use by
Client. Designer shall cooperate with Client and shall execute any
additional documents reasonably requested by Client to evidence all such
assignments of intellectual property.


2.4 Assignment of Final Art. Upon completion of the Design Services, and
subject to full payment of all fees, costs and expenses due, Designer
hereby assigns to Client all right, title and interest, including without
limitation, copyright and other intellectual property rights, in and to the
Final Deliverables and the Final Art. Designer agrees to reasonably
cooperate with Client and shall execute any additional documents reasonably
necessary to evidence such assignment.


3. FEES


In consideration of the Services to be performed by Designer, Client shall
pay to Designer fees in the amounts and according to the Payment Terms and
Schedule, as set forth in Schedule B, attached hereto and incorporated
herein by reference.


4. TIMING AND ACCEPTANCE


4.1 Timing. Designer shall prioritize performance of the Services as may be
necessary or as agreed upon by the Parties, and will undertake commercially
reasonable efforts to perform the Services. Client agrees to review
Deliverables within the time identified for such reviews and to promptly
either, (i) approve and accept the Deliverables in writing (which will then
become the Final Deliverables) or (ii) provide written comments and/or
corrections sufficient to identify the Client’s concerns, objections or
corrections to Designer.


4.2 Acceptance. Client, within 3 business days of receipt of each
Deliverable, shall notify Designer, in writing, of any failure of such
Deliverable to comply with the specifications as agreed upon by the
Parties, or of any other objections, corrections, changes or amendments
Client wishes made to such Deliverable. Any such written notice shall be
sufficient to identify with clarity any objection, correction or change or
amendment, and Designer shall undertake to make the same in a commercially
timely manner. Any and all objections, corrections, changes or amendments
shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the
absence of such notice from Client within said stated time period, the
Deliverable shall be deemed accepted.


5. CLIENT RESPONSIBILITIES


Client acknowledges that he shall be responsible for performing the
following in a reasonable and timely manner:


(a) Coordination of any decision-making with parties other than the
Designer;


(b) Provision of Client Content in a form suitable for reproduction or
incorporation into the Deliverables without further preparation; and,


(c) Final proofreading pursuant to Provisions 4.1 and 4.2.


6. RECOGNITION


Designer retains the right to reproduce, publish and display the Final
Deliverables in Designer’s portfolios and websites, and in galleries,
design periodicals and other media or exhibits for the sole purposes of
recognition of creative excellence or professional advancement, and to be
credited with authorship of the Final Deliverables in connection with such
uses. Either Party, subject to the other’s written approval, may include a
link to the other Party’s website.


7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION


Each Party acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement it may
receive certain confidential or proprietary technical and business
information and materials of the other Party, including, but not limited
to, Preliminary Works (“Confidential Information”). Each Party, its agents
and employees shall hold and maintain in strictest confidence all
Confidential Information, shall not disclose Confidential Information to
any third party, and shall not use any Confidential Information except as
may be necessary to perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement,
except as may be required by a court or governmental authority.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include
any information that is in the public domain or becomes publicly known
through no fault of the receiving party, or is otherwise properly received
from a third party without an obligation of confidentiality.


8. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES


8.1 Independent Contractor. Designer is an independent contractor, not an
employee of Client or any company affiliated with Client. Designer shall
provide the Services under the general direction of Client, but Designer
shall determine the manner and means by which the Services are
accomplished. This Agreement does not create a partnership or joint
venture, and neither Party is authorized to act as agent or bind the other
Party, except as expressly stated in this Agreement. Designer and the
Deliverables prepared by Designer shall not be deemed a work for hire as
that term is defined under Copyright Law. All rights, if any, granted to
Client are contractual in nature and are wholly defined by the express
written agreement of the Parties and the various terms and conditions of
this Agreement.


8.2 No Exclusivity. The Parties expressly acknowledge that this Agreement
does not create an exclusive relationship between the Parties. Client is
free to engage others to perform services of the same or similar nature to
those provided by Designer, and Designer shall be entitled to offer and
provide design services to others, solicit other clients and otherwise
advertise the services offered by Designer.


9. WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS


9.1 By Client. Client represents, warrants and covenants to Designer that


(a) Client owns all right, title, and interest in, or otherwise has full
right and authority to permit the use of the Client Content; and,


(b) To the best of Client’s knowledge, the Client Content does not infringe
the rights of any third party, and use of the Client Content as well as any
Trademarks in connection with the Project does not and will not violate the
rights of any third parties.


9.2 By Designer.


(a) Designer hereby represents, warrants and covenants to Client that
Designer will provide Designer’s Services and produce the Deliverables as
identified in the Agreement in a professional and workmanlike manner and in
accordance with all reasonable professional standards for such services.


(b) Designer further represents, warrants and covenants to Client that


    • (i) The Final Deliverables shall be the original work of Designer;
      and,
    • (ii) To the best of Designer’s knowledge, the Final Art provided by
      Designer does not infringe the rights of any party, and use of same in
      connection with the Project will not violate the rights of any third
      parties.


10. INDEMNIFICATION


10.1 By Client. Client agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless Designer
from any and all damages, liabilities, costs, losses or expenses arising
out of any claim, demand, or action by a third party arising out of any
breach of Client’s responsibilities or obligations, representations or
warranties under this Agreement. Under such circumstances, Client shall
promptly notify Designer in writing of any claim or suit. Client has sole
control of the defense and all related settlement negotiations. Designer
shall provide Client with commercially reasonable assistance, information
and authority necessary to perform Client’s obligations under this section.


10.2 By Designer. Subject to the terms, conditions, express representations
and warranties provided in this Agreement, Designer agrees to indemnify,
save and hold harmless Client from any and all damages, liabilities, costs,
losses or expenses arising out of any finding of fact which is inconsistent
with Designer’s representations and warranties made herein, except in the
event any such claims, damages, liabilities, costs, losses or expenses
arise directly as a result of gross negligence or misconduct of Client.


11. TERM AND TERMINATION


11.1 This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date and shall remain
effective until the Services are completed and the Final Deliverables and
the Final Art are delivered.


11.2 This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either Party effective
immediately upon notice, or the mutual agreement of the Parties, or if any
Party:


(a) Becomes insolvent, files a petition in bankruptcy, or makes an
assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or,


(b) Breaches any of its material responsibilities or obligations under this
Agreement, which breach is not remedied within 20 days from receipt of
written notice of such breach.


11.3 Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement:


(a) Each Party shall return or, at the disclosing Party’s request, destroy
the Confidential Information of the other Party; and,


(b) Other than as provided herein, all rights and obligations of each Party
under this Agreement, exclusive of the Services, shall survive.


12. GENERAL


12.1 Modification/Waiver. This Agreement may be modified by the Parties,
but any modification of this Agreement must be in writing and executed by
both Parties. Failure by either Party to enforce any right or seek to
remedy any breach under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver
of such rights, nor shall a waiver by either Party of default in one or
more instances be construed as constituting a continuing waiver or as a
waiver of any other breach.


12.2 Notices. All notices to be given hereunder shall be transmitted in
writing either by facsimile or electronic mail with return confirmation of
receipt or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and
shall be sent to the addresses identified in the signature execution
section below, unless notification of change of address is given in
writing. Notice shall be effective upon receipt or in the case of fax or
email, upon confirmation of receipt.


12.3 No Assignment. Designer shall not assign, whether in writing or
orally, or encumber its rights or obligations under this Agreement or
permit the same to be transferred, assigned or encumbered by operation of
law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Client.


12.4 Governing Law. The formation, construction, performance and
enforcement of this Agreement shall be in accordance with the laws of the
United States and [STATE OF RESIDENCE] without regard to its conflict of
law provisions or the conflict of law provisions of any other jurisdiction.


12.5 Severability. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement
shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under
applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in
full force and effect and the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be
replaced by a valid or enforceable provision.


12.6 Headings. The numbering and captions of the various sections are
solely for convenience and reference only and shall not affect the scope,
meaning, intent or interpretation of the provisions of this Agreement, nor
shall such headings otherwise be given any legal effect.


12.7 Integration. This Agreement comprises the entire understanding of the
Parties hereto on the subject matter herein contained, and supersedes and
merges all prior and contemporaneous agreements, understandings and
discussions between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement.


By their execution, the Parties hereto have agreed to all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement effective as of the last date of signature,
and each signatory represents that it has the full authority to enter into
this Agreement and to bind her/his respective Party to all of the terms and
conditions herein.


Schedule A: Deliverables


[DESCRIBE DELIVERABLES HERE]


Schedule B: Payment Terms and Schedule


[PAYMENT DETAILS AND SCHEDULE]

