
[PLEASE ENTER THE NAME OF THE MANUFACTURER], referred to as MANUFACTURER,
and [PLEASE ENTER THE NAME OF THE DISTRIBUTOR], referred to as DISTRIBUTOR,
agree:


MANUFACTURER produces products in the following areas:


[ENTER THE TYPE OF MERCHANDISE/SERVICES TO BE DISTRIBUTED]


DISTRIBUTOR shall purchase an initial inventory from MANUFACTURER as
described in the attached Exhibit "A."


The initial inventory shall be paid for on the following terms:


[INITIAL STOCK WILL BE PAID FOR]


The DISTRIBUTOR shall have the exclusive right to sell the products of
MANUFACTURER in the following geographic area:


[ENTER THE AREA FOR THE DISTRIBUTORSHIP]


MANUFACTURER shall refer all sales prospects and orders it receives that
are within the DISTRIBUTORS exclusive area to DISTRIBUTOR.


The DISTRIBUTOR shall have the non-exclusive right to sell the products of
MANUFACTURER in the following geographic area:


[ENTER THE AREA FOR THE DISTRIBUTORSHIP]


MANUFACTURER may from time to time appoint other distributors if it so
desires.


DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain adequate facilities to provide after sale
service to the purchasers of the products sold. This shall include a
requirement to provide adequate staff and maintain an inventory of
replacement parts.


Service within any warranty provided by MANUFACTURER shall be reimbursed to
DISTRIBUTOR at:


[SERVICE WILL BE REIMBURSED]


MANUFACTURER, shall in its discretion determine if service is within
warranty or not, and shall accordingly reimburse the DISTRIBUTOR.


Service within any warranty provided by MANUFACTURER shall be provided to
customers by the MANUFACTURER. DISTRIBUTOR shall refer all customers
requiring service to MANUFACTURER.


DISTRIBUTOR shall maintain adequate facilities to provide after sale
service to the purchasers of the products sold in regard to the following
types of service:


[ENTER TYPE OF SERVICE TO BE PROVIDED BY DISTRIBUTOR]


As to the service to be provided by the DISTRIBUTOR, the DISTRIBUTOR shall
provide adequate staff and maintain an inventory of replacement parts.


Service within any warranty provided by MANUFACTURER shall be reimbursed to
DISTRIBUTOR at:


[SERVICE WILL BE REIMBURSED]


MANUFACTURER, shall in its discretion determine if service is within
warranty or not, and shall accordingly reimburse the DISTRIBUTOR.


MANUFACTURER shall provide the following service:


[ENTER SERVICE TO BE PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER]


As to such service, the DISTRIBUTOR shall refer the same to MANUFACTURER.


The DISTRIBUTOR shall either user advertising materials prepared by the
MANUFACTURER or shall submit the same for prior approval to the
MANUFACTURER.


DISTRIBUTOR shall take all reasonable steps to protect the trademarks and
other intellectual property rights of the MANUFACTURER.


The initial term of this distributorship shall be [ENTER THE INITIAL TERM
OF THE DISTRIBUTORSHIP IN MONTHS] months.


The distributorship shall be renewed at the termination of each period,
unless [ENTER NUMBER OF DAYS FOR NOTICE OF NON-RENEWAL] days notice are
given of non-renewal.


The MANUFACTURER may cancel the agreement for cause upon [ENTER NUMBER OF
DAYS FOR TERMINATION FOR CAUSE] days notice to DISTRIBUTOR.


Upon termination of the agreement, the MANUFACTURER shall have the first
option to purchase the remaining inventory of DISTRIBUTOR at cost. In
addition, DISTRIBUTOR shall cease to use any tradenames, trademarks, or
promotional items provided by MANUFACTURER.


The initial term of this distributorship shall be [ENTER THE INITIAL TERM
OF THE DISTRIBUTORSHIP IN MONTHS] months.


The distributorship shall be renewed at the termination of each period
automatically provided that in the preceding period $ [ENTER SALES QUOTA
FOR RENEWAL] ([ENTER SALES QUOTA FOR RENEWAL] dollars) of inventory was
purchased by the DISTRIBUTOR.


The MANUFACTURER may cancel the agreement for cause upon [ENTER NUMBER OF
DAYS FOR TERMINATION FOR CAUSE] days notice to DISTRIBUTOR.


Upon termination of the agreement, the MANUFACTURER shall have the first
option to purchase the remaining inventory of DISTRIBUTOR at cost. In
addition, DISTRIBUTOR shall cease to use any tradenames, trademarks, or
promotional items provided by MANUFACTURER.


Any disputes arising out of this agreement shall be arbitrated under the
rules established by the American Arbitration Association before a single
arbiter. The decision of the arbiter shall be final and may be entered as a
judgment by either party in any competent court of law.


The distributor shall not distribute or represent any direct competitor of
the MANUFACTURER for a period of [ENTER LENGTH OF TIME FOR NON-COMPETE IN
DAYS] days after termination of this agreement [THE GEOGRAPHIC AREA FOR THE
NON-COMPETE IS].


DISTRIBUTOR shall not sell products manufactured by any direct competitor
to MANUFACTURER without prior written authority from MANUFACTURER.


Dated: ___________________________


_______________________________________________


[PLEASE ENTER THE NAME OF THE MANUFACTURER]


______________________________________________


[PLEASE ENTER THE NAME OF THE DISTRIBUTOR]

