
                          DISTRIBUTORSHIP AGREEMENT


 Contemplating a Beverage Manufacturer relationship with a Distributor in a
                               fixed Territory


THIS AGREEMENT IS MADE AS OF THE ___ DAY OF ________________, 20__,


by and between ______________________, (hereinafter referred to as
“Manufacturer”) a _____________________ organized and existing under the
laws of _____________________, with its principal place of business at
__________________________, and ____________________, (hereinafter referred
to as “Distributor”) a ________________ organized and existing under the
laws of ____________________, with its principal place of business at
_____________________;


ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS


When used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings
indicated. The meanings shall be applied whether the singular or the plural
form of the term is used. "Beverages" means the goods described in the
attached Exhibit A, and includes any special goods supplied by Manufacturer
and used in connection with the operation of the "Goods". Beverages may be
deleted from or added to Attachment A and Manufacturer may change the
specifications, ingredients, design and marketing at its sole discretion at
any time by written notice of such changes to Distributor. Each change
shall become effective within five (5) days following the date notice
thereof is mailed to Distributor. "Affiliate" means any company controlled
by, controlling, or under common control with Manufacturer. "Agreement"
means this agreement, and the Exhibits, together with all amendments
thereto. "Attachment" means any form or exhibit attached to this agreement.
"Customer" means any person who purchases or leases Products from
Distributor. "Delivery Point" means Distributor's facilities located at
_________________________________. "Goods" means thoseitems described in
Exhibit A. Goods may be deleted from or added to Exhibit A and their
specifications and design may be changed by Manufacturer at its sole
discretion at any time by mailing written notice of such changes to
Distributor. Each change shall become effective within five (5) days
following the date notice thereof is mailed to Distributor. "Products"
means Goods, Beverages, and Marketing Equipment. "Marketing Equipment"
means all parts and components of the Goods and/or any special devices used
in connection with the maintenance, marketing, storage or display of the
Goods. Manufacturer declares that a complete list of Marketing Equipment is
set forth in Attachment C. Marketing Equipment may be deleted from or added
to Attachment C and their specifications and design may be changed by
Manufacturer at its sole discretion at any time by mailing written notice
of such changes to Distributor. Each change shall become effective within
five (5) days following the date notice thereof is mailed to Distributor.
"Specifications" means those specifications set forth in Attachment D.
"Territory" means the following geographic area or areas: "Trademark" means
any trademark, logo, or service mark, whether or not registered, used to
represent or describe the Products of Manufacturer, as set forth in
Attachment E.


ARTICLE II. APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR


Appointment. Manufacturer hereby appoints Distributor as Manufacturer 's
nonexclusive distributor of Products in the Territory, and Distributor
accepts that position. It is understood that Manufacturer cannot lawfully
prevent its distributors located elsewhere from supplying Products for sale
or use within the Territory and that it has no obligation to do so.


Referrals. If Manufacturer or any Affiliate is contacted by any party
inquiring about the purchase of Products in the Territory, Manufacturer
shall, or shall cause that Affiliate to, refer such party to Distributor.


Relationship of Parties. Distributor is an independent contractor and is
not the legal representative or agent of Manufacturer for any purpose and
shall have no right or authority (except as expressly provided in this
Agreement) to incur, assume or create in writing or otherwise, any warranty
on the part of Manufacturer.Manufacturer shall not exercise any control
over any of Distributor's employees, all of who are entirely under the
control of Distributor. Distributor shall be responsible for the acts and
omissions of Distributor's employees. Distributor shall, at its own
expense, during the term of this Agreement and any extension thereof,
maintain full insurance under any Workmen's Compensation Laws effective in
the state or other applicable jurisdiction covering all persons employed by
and working for it in connection with the performance of this Agreement,
and upon request shall furnish Manufacturer with satisfactory evidence of
the maintenance of such insurance. Distributor accepts exclusive liability
for all contributions and payroll taxes required under Federal Income Tax
Law, Federal Social Security Laws and State


Unemployment Compensation Laws or other payments under any laws of similar
character in any applicable jurisdiction as to all persons employed by and
working for it. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to
create any partnership or joint venture relationship between the parties.


Sale of Products by Distributor. Distributor shall use its best efforts to
distribute the Products and to fully develop the market for the Products
within the Territory. The parties agree that if Distributor's best efforts
are used as provided in this Section, a minimum of _______ Products
("Annual Market Potential") will be purchased and distributed in the
Territory during the first year of this Agreement. At the beginning of each
subsequent year the parties will consult together in good faith and agree
on the Annual Market Potential applicable to that year; provided, however,
that if they cannot agree, the Annual Market Potential for the immediately
Preceding year will apply to the current year.


Competing Products. Distributor agrees that it will not distribute or
represent any Products in the Territory that compete with the Products
during the term of this Agreement or any extensions thereof.


Advertising. Distributor shall be entitled, during the term of the
distributorship created by this Agreement and any extension thereof, to
advertise and hold itself out as an authorized Distributor of the Products.
At all times during the term of the distributorship created by this
Agreement and any extension thereof, Distributor shall use the Trademarks
in all advertisements and other activities conducted by Distributor to
promote the sale of the Products. Distributor shall submit samples of all
proposed advertisements and other promotional materials for the Products to
Manufacturer for approval and Distributor shall not use any such
advertisements or promotional materials without having received the prior
written consent of Manufacturer to do so. Distributor shall not, pursuant
to this Agreement or otherwise, have or acquire any right, title or
interest in or to Manufacturer's Trademarks.


New Products. If Manufacturer or any Affiliate now or hereafter
manufactures or distributes, or proposes to manufacture or distribute, any
product other than the Products, Manufacturer shall immediately notify, or
cause such Affiliate to notify, Distributor of that fact and of all details
concerning that product. Distributor may request from Manufacturer
distribution rights for that product in the Territory, or any portion
thereof, and if so requested, Manufacturer shall grant, or shall cause the
subject Affiliate to grant, such distribution rights to Distributor on
terms and conditions no less favorable than those provided in this
Agreement with respect to Products. If Distributor does not obtain those
distribution rights or obtains them only for a portion of the Territory,
and Manufacturer or an Affiliate later desires to offer those distribution
rights for the Territory or any portion thereof to another party,
Manufacturer shall first, or shall cause such Affiliate to first, make that
offer in writing to Distributor on terms and conditions which shall be
specified fully in that offer. That offer shall contain a full description
of the subject product and its operation. Distributor may request, and
Manufacturer shall promptly provide, or shall cause such Affiliate promptly
to provide, further information concerning the product or the offer. If
Distributor fails to accept such offer, Manufacturer or the Affiliate may
then offer the product to another party for distribution in the Territory,
but may not offer it on terms and conditions more favorable than those
offered to Distributor. If Manufacturer or the Affiliate desires to make a
better offer to another party, Manufacturer shall first, or shall cause the
affiliate first to, make such better offer to Distributor in accordance
with the procedure set forth above.


Distributor Sales, Service and Storage Facilities. Distributor shall, at
its expense, engage and maintain a sales, service and parts handling
organization in the Territory, staffed with such experienced personnel as
are necessary to enable distributor to perform its obligations under this
Agreement. Distributor shall, at its expense, maintain facilities and
personnel in the Territory that will enable it promptly and satisfactorily
to perform, at a reasonable price, all inspection and other necessary
servicing of Products sold by Distributor. To assist Distributor in the
discharge of this service and maintenance function, Manufacturer shall
provide service and maintenance training, without charge, to any reasonable
number of Distributor's personnel as Distributor shall designate.
Distributor shall, at its expense, at all times store and maintain its
inventory of Products in accordance with current, applicable instructions
issued by Manufacturer from time to time. Distributor shall send notice to
Manufacturer, during the term of the distributorship created by this
Agreement and any extension thereof, prompt written notice of the address
of each location at which products are stored, and the address of each
facility established by Distributor to sell and service the Products.
Manufacturer may, through its designated agent, inspect all such locations
and facilities and the operations conducted therein at any time during
normal business hours.


Confidential Information. Technical data, business data, Product
ingredients, marketing information as well as technical instructions
pertaining to the Products are recognized by Distributor to be secret and
confidential and to be the property of Manufacturer. Those items shall at
all times and for all purposes be held by Distributor in a confidential
capacity and shall not, without the prior written consent of Manufacturer,
(i) be disclosed by Distributor to any person, firm or corporation,
excepting those salaried employees of Distributor who are required to
utilize such items in connection with the sale, inspection, storage or
delivery of Products during the term of the distributorship created by this
Agreement or any extension thereof, or (ii) be disclosed to any person,
firm or corporation, or copied or used by Distributor, its employees or
agents at any time following the expiration or termination of this
Agreement or any extension thereof. Manufacturer ay require as a condition
to any disclosure by Distributor pursuant to this Section that any salaried
employee to whom disclosure is to be made sign a confidentiality agreement,
enforceable by Manufacturer, containing terms satisfactory to Manufacturer.


ARTICLE III. TERMS OF PURCHASE AND SALE OF PRODUCTS


Purchase of Product. Distributor shall purchase its requirements for the
Products from Manufacturer. Such requirements shall include purchasing and
maintaining an inventory of Products that is sufficient to enable
Distributor to perform its obligations hereunder, and at least one hundred
(100) samples of the Goods and Beverages.Manufacturer shall supply to
Distributor sufficient Products to enable Distributor to meet the full
demand for Products in the Territory, as set forth in Exhibit C. All orders
for Products transmitted by Distributor to Manufacturer shall be deemed to
be accepted by Manufacturer at the time such orders are received by
Manufacturer to the extent that they are in compliance with the terms of
this Agreement and Manufacturer shall perform in accordance with all
accepted orders. Manufacturer shall confirm its receipt and acceptance of
each order within five (5) days of receipt of the order.


Purchases for Resale. All Products purchased by Distributor shall be
purchased solely for commercial resale excepting those Products reasonably
required by Distributor for advertising and demonstration purposes.


Order Procedure. Each order for Products issued by Distributor to
Manufacturer under this Agreement shall identify that it is an order and
shall further set forth the delivery date or dates and the description and
quantity of Products which are to be delivered on each of such dates. An
order for Products shall not provide a delivery date less than ten (10)
days after the date that order is delivered to Manufacturer. The individual
contracts for the sale of Products formed by Distributor's submission of
orders toManufacturer pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof shall
automatically incorporate, to the extent applicable, the terms and
conditions hereof, shall be subject only to those terms and conditions
(together with all terms in orders which are contemplated by this
Agreement) and shall not be subject to any conflicting or additional terms
included in any documents exchanged in connection therewith.
Notwithstanding anything in this Section, Manufacturer and Distributor may,
by written agreement, modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


Cancellation of Orders. All cancellation of orders by Distributor shall be
in writing, or if not initially in writing, shall be confirmed in writing.
If Distributor cancels an order, which has been accepted by Manufacturer,
Distributor shall reimburse Manufacturer for any cost incident to such
order incurred by Manufacturer prior to the time it was informed of the
cancellation.


Purchase Price. The prices for Goods, Beverages and Marketing Equipment,
and any discounts applicable thereto, are set forth in Exhibit B. All
prices are F.O.B. the Delivery Point. If the price for any Product is not
set forth on Exhibit B and Distributor nevertheless orders such a Product
from Manufacturer, the parties hereby evidence their intention thereby to
conclude a contract for the sale of that Product at a reasonable price to
be determined by the Parties mutually negotiating in good faith.


Price Changes. Manufacturer reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
change prices or discounts applicable to the Products. Manufacturer shall
give written notice to Distributor of any price change at least five (5)
days prior to the effective date thereof. The price in effect as of the
date of Distributor's receipt of notice of such price change shall remain
applicable to all orders received by Manufacturer prior to that effective
date.


Packing. Manufacturer shall, at its expense, pack all Products in
accordance with Manufacturer 's standard packing procedure, which shall be
suitable to permit shipment of the Products to the Territory; provided,
however, that if Distributor requests a modification of those procedures,
Manufacturer shall make the requested modification and Distributor shall
bear any reasonable expenses incurred by Manufacturer in complying with
such modified procedures which are in excess of the expenses which
Manufacturer would have incurred in following its standard procedures.


Internet Distribution. The distributor shall not have the rights to
distribute the Products through ecommerce. The distributor may market its
services or collect customer data through the internet.


Delivery: Title and Risk of Loss. All deliveries of Products sold by
Manufacturer to Distributor pursuant to this Agreement shall be made F.O.B.
the Delivery Point, and title to and risk of loss of Products shall pass
from Manufacturer to Distributor at the Delivery Point. Manufacturer shall
be responsible for arranging all transportation of Products, but if
requested by, Manufacturer Distributor shall, at Manufacturer 's expense,
assist Distributor in making such arrangements. Manufacturer shall also
procure insurance for the transportation of the Products, and such
insurance shall be of a kind and on terms current at the port of shipment.
In the event that Inspection and Acceptance. Promptly upon the receipt of a
shipment of Products, Distributor shall examine the shipment to determine
whether any item or items included in the shipment are in short supply,
defective or damaged. Within ten (10) days of receipt of the shipment,
Distributor shall notify Manufacturer in writing of any shortages, defects
or damage, which Distributor claims existed at the time of delivery. Within
thirty (3) days after the receipt of such notice, Manufacturer will
investigate the claim of shortages, defects or damage, inform Distributor
of its findings, and deliver to Distributor Products to replace any which
Manufacturer determines, were in short supply, defective or damaged at the
time of delivery. Unless notice is given as provided in this Section,
Distributor shall be deemed to have accepted such Products and to have
waived all claims for shortages, defect or damage.


Payment. Upon delivery and acceptance of Products, Manufacturer may submit
to Distributor Manufacturer's invoice for those Products. Distributor shall
pay each such proper invoice within ten (10) days after Distributor's
receipt of that invoice. Payment shall be made in United States dollars to
a bank account to be notified in writing by Manufacturer to Distributor.


U.S. Export Control. Manufacturer's obligations to sell and deliver
Products shall be subject to such United States laws and regulations as
shall, from time to time, govern the sale and delivery of goods for export
from the United States.


DISTRIBUTOR:


BY:__________________________________


TITLE: ______________________________


NAME: _______________________________


MANUFACTURER:


BY:__________________________________


TITLE:_______________________________


NAME:________________________________


EXHIBIT A


INSERT NAME OF BEVERAGES TO BE SOLD


EXHIBIT B


INSERT PRICE OF GOODS, BEVERAGES, AND MARKETING EQUIPMENT


EXHIBIT C


INSERT TERRITORY

