

                           DISTRIBUTION AGREEMENT


This agreement is made and entered into on [DAY] of [MONTH], [YEAR] by and
between Principal (the “Principal”), a company located at Principal'
Address and [DISTRIBUTOR] (the “Distributor”), a company located at
[DISTRIBUTOR'S ADDRESS]


WHEREAS:


a) The Principal manufactures certain medical device products (the
“Products”) as defined in Appendix 1: The Product Range; and


b) The Principal wishes to appoint the Distributor as a distributor and as
Official Representative for the promotion and sale of the Products in the
territories as defined in Appendix 2: Territories (the “Territories”); and


c) The Distributor wishes to be appointed as a distributor and as Official
Representative for the promotion and sale of the Products in the
Territories on the terms of this agreement.


NOW, THEREFORE


In consideration of the mutual promises and covenants hereinafter set
forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1. APPOINTMENT OF DISTRIBUTOR


Subject to all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, The Principal
hereby appoints The Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts
appointment, as an authorised, independent distributor of the Products in
the Territories.


2. RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES


2.1 The Distributor buys and sells in his own name and for his own account.
The Distributor acts as independent trader as regards both the Principal
and the customers.


2.2 The Distributor shall not pledge the Principal’s credit or give any
condition or warranty or make any representation on the Principal’s behalf
or commit the Principal to any contracts. Further, the Distributor shall
not, without the Principal’s prior written consent make any promises or
guarantees with reference to the Products beyond those contained in this
contract or otherwise incur any liability on behalf of the Principal.


2.3 The Principal shall provide Instructions For Use, and product labelling
in English for each of the Products. Where local language Instructions For
Use and product labelling are required the Principal shall undertake to
provide the appropriate translations. The Principal must pre-approve any
promotional material that is developed by the Distributor and contains
references to the Principal before this material enters the local
marketplace.


2.4 The Distributor must at all times seek prior approval from the
Principal for all promotional and press release material prior to that
material being circulated in the public domain. Such approval shall not
unreasonably be withheld.


2.5 The Principal shall provide assistance in the form of product support
information and technical documentation to the Distributor in obtaining any
regulatory clearances that are necessary to market and/or sell the Products
in the Territories. Such assistance shall be provided free of charge and
the Distributor shall obtain such clearances on its own behalf and at its
own cost.


2.6 The Distributor, as Official Representative, shall undertake to lodge
Applications for an Establishment Licence, a Medical Device License or any
Application for a Medical Device License Amendment with the appropriate
authorities. The Principal shall furnish the Distributor with all and any
technical information necessary to lodge these applications.


2.7 The Distributor shall keep the required records and report complaints
and investigations for input to the Corrective & Preventive action system.
The point of contact to control the activities of Company regarding
Corrective & Preventive action shall be the Principal’s Quality Manager.
Documented procedures for adverse events must meet the Medical Device
requirements for Problem Reporting.


2.8 Distribution records shall be kept by the Distributor for the life-time
of the device or two (2) years from shipping which ever is the greater. The
Principal shall have access to these records as required. These
distribution records must be adequate to permit a complete and rapid
withdrawal of devices from the market.


2.9 The Distributor shall provide the Principal with all details requested,
including without limitation, the customer name, address and contact
details, including the batch or lot numbers, including quantities sold to
facilitate traceability to the end user.


2.10 The Principal shall provide practical training for the Distributor’s
field sales personnel at the Principal’s UK base. Costs associated with
transport and subsistence of said personnel remain with the Distributor.


2.11 The Distributor shall have the right, upon reasonable notice to the
Principal and during regular business hours, to inspect and audit the
facilities being used by the Principal for production of the Products, to
assure compliance by the Principal with applicable rules and regulations
and with other provisions of this Agreement.


2.12 The Principal shall have the right, upon reasonable notice to the
Distributor and during regular business hours, to inspect and audit the
facilities being used by the Distributor for distribution of the Products,
to assure compliance by the Distributor with applicable rules and
regulations of the territories and with other provisions of this Agreement.


3. SUB-REPRESENTATIVES


3.1 The Distributor shall have the right to appoint its current sub-
distributors, dealers, or other representatives to sell the Products in
part or whole of the Territories. Subject to giving notice in writing to
the Principal, the Distributor has the right to appoint new sub-
distributors, dealers, or other representatives to sell the Products in
part or whole of the Territories. The Distributor agrees to purchase the
Products exclusively from the Principal.


3.2 The Distributor shall use its best endeavours to market and to promote
the sale of the Products within the Territories by advertising,
distribution of technical and sales matters, personal calls upon
prospective customers and other activities, all of which shall be
undertaken by the Distributor at his sole cost and expense.


4. SERVICES, ADVERTISING AND EXHIBITIONS


4.1 The Distributor shall provide a sufficient number of suitably trained
sales personnel to ensure proper fulfilment of the Distributor’s
obligations under this Agreement.


4.2 The Distributor shall advertise the Products within the Territories at
its own cost, in a manner similar to the services provided by the
Distributor for similar products developed or distributed by the
Distributor, with a similar market potential.


4.3 Participation in fairs or exhibitions within the Territories shall be
at Distributor’s expense. In case the fair or the exhibition has the
purpose of being international, the participation shall be the subject of
prior consultation between the Parties.


5. TRADEMARK


5.1 The Principal hereby grants to the Distributor the non-exclusive right
in the Territories to use the trademarks [TRADEMARKS] in the promotion,
advertisement and sale of the Products in accordance with the terms of and
for the duration of this Agreement. The trademarks [TRADEMARKS] are
registered trademarks, owned and used by the Principal. The Principal makes
no representation or warranty as to the validity or enforceability of the
trademark, nor as to whether the same infringe on any intellectual property
rights of third parties in the Territories.


5.2 The Products shall be sold under the Principal’s trademark and on all
Products, containers and advertisements for the Products as may be
prescribed by the Principal. All representations of such trademark which
the Distributor intends to use shall first be submitted to the Principal
for approval.


5.3 After termination of this Agreement the Distributor shall immediately
cease all use of Principal’s name or any of Principal’s trademarks in any
manner whatsoever.


5.4 The Distributor may not put any trademark of his own on any Products or
Product’s documentation material (including without limitation any
inserts), without the Principal’s permission in writing in advance. Such
authorisation shall not be unreasonably withheld as long as regulatory
requirements are met.


5.5 The Distributor shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Principal, alter or make any addition to the labelling or packaging of the
Products displaying the aforementioned Principal’s trademarks, and shall
not alter, deface or remove in any manner any reference to such trademarks,
any reference to the Principal or any other name attached or affixed to the
Products or their packaging or labelling.


5.6 Both Principal and the Distributor shall promptly inform each other of
any situation, where it has a reason to believe that trademark rights may
be infringed or challenged by third parties. The Distributor shall not do
or omit to do anything in its use of the Principal’s trademarks that may or
would adversely affect their validity.


5.7 The Principal agrees to and at its own expense to take appropriate
action (in its sole discretion) to protect its trademark and other
intellectual property rights. The Distributor agrees at the request and
expense of the Principal to provide all reasonable assistance in connection
with any action to be taken by the Principal pursuant to clause 12.2.


6. REPORTS


6.1 The Distributor shall with due diligence keep the Principal informed of
market conditions, state of competition and shall supply a general report
as frequently as may be required, but in no event less than once every
quarter.


6.2 The Principal shall report to the Distributor all relevant product
documentation and any changes or improvements in the Products, which the
Principal intends to make commercially available. The Principal shall not
implement any such changes or improvements commercially, if not approved by
the appropriate regulatory authorities.


7. DELIVERY PLAN AND ORDER


7.1 During the term of this Agreement, the Principal shall supply the
Distributor with Products as ordered by the Distributor pursuant to this
Agreement for distribution in the Territories. The Products shall conform
to the specifications as set forth in Appendix 1 The Product Range to this
Agreement and as approved by the regulatory authorities.


7.2 The Distributor shall provide an initial non-binding written twelve
(12) month forecast upon execution of this Agreement and every six (6)
months thereafter of the Distributor’s expected requirements for Products.


7.3 The Distributor shall place a binding order for Products, in the form
agreed to by the parties, on a quarterly basis by written or electronic
purchase order (or by any other means agreed to by the parties) to the
Principal, which shall be placed at least sixty (60) days prior to the
desired date or delivery. In no event shall the Distributor be obligated to
purchase Products except by means of the aforementioned binding purchase
order.


7.4 The Distributor agrees to purchase each year from the Principal a
minimum quantity of Products in each Territory, which quantity shall be as
set forth in Appendix 3: Minimum Quantity by Period by Territory. The
Distributor shall make purchases for the Territories directly from the
Principal from the United Kingdom. The Distributor is obliged to provide a
report to the Principal every calendar Quarter (3 months period)
summarising the quantity of Products sold within the Territories and any
other information relating to the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement the Principal may reasonably require from time to time. Should
the Distributor fail, in any Territory, to purchase the minimum quantity as
agreed upon (Appendix 3: Minimum Quantity by Period by Territory) then the
Principal has the right (in its sole discretion), subject to three (3)
months notice in writing, to terminate this Agreement for that Territory.


7.5 The Distributor shall make a pre-payment (the “Pre-payment”) to the
Principal amounting to minimum quantities of Product in each Territory for
the first six (6) months following execution of the Agreement. The Pre-
payment will be made to the Principal no later than one month following
execution of the Agreement.


7.6 The Principal shall without delay submit to the Distributor an
acknowledgement in writing of each order placed by the Distributor.


7.7 The Principal shall use all best efforts to deliver the Products
ordered in Distributor’s purchase orders within sixty (60) days after
receipt of any such order or such longer period as may be specified in such
order.


7.8 The Principal shall have the right to reject any purchase order on the
grounds that the Distributor has changed to an unreasonable extent its
previously estimated requirements as to quality or quantity of the
Products.


7.9 The Products shall be delivered by the Principal to the Distributor Ex
Works. For the avoidance of doubt, the Distributor shall be responsible for
obtaining any necessary import or export licences or permissions in
relation to the Products and any and all customs duties, clearance charges,
taxes, brokers’ fees and other amounts which may be payable in connection
with the import, export, purchase and delivery of the Products.


8. PRICES, CURRENCY AND TERMS OF PAYMENT


8.1 The prices charged by the Principal to the Distributor as set forth in
Appendix 4: Price List, or as may subsequently be determined, shall be Ex
Works.


8.2 The Distributor shall provide payment to the Principal for each
respective order of Products in full in advance of the agreed shipping
date.


8.3 If not otherwise agreed to between the Parties the payment shall be
made in the currency as set forth in Appendix 4: Price List. Payment may be
made by international bank transfer to the account nominated by the
Principal from time to time or by cheque made out to Principal. The
Distributor shall not be entitled by reason of any set-off, counter-claim,
abatement or other similar deduction to withhold payment of any amount due
to the Principal.


8.4 The prices for Products shipped during the first year of the term of
this Agreement shall be as set forth in Appendix 4: Price List. The
Principal and the Distributor shall meet and review pricing each year. Any
changes to pricing shall take account of changes in costs of raw material,
changes in manufacturing costs, costs related to changes in state and
municipal statutes laws, rules or regulations. Furthermore, changes in the
exchange rates between applicable currencies shall be taken into
consideration.


9. PRODUCT LIABILITY


9.1 The Distributor shall maintain product liability insurance with a
reputable insurer for the duration of this Agreement of not less than £5
million for any one occurrence and not less than £10 million in the
aggregate in any one year in respect of any and all liability (howsoever
arising) in respect of a claim that the Products are faulty or defective
(in all Territories) and shall provide a copy of the insurance policy and
proof of payment of the current premium to the Principal on written
request.


9.2 The Distributor undertakes to maintain appropriate up-to-date and
accurate records to enable the immediate recall of any batches of the
Products or any of them from the retail or wholesale markets. These records
shall include records of deliveries to customers (including details of
batch numbers, delivery date, name and address of customer, and telephone
number and fax or telex number if available). The Distributor shall, at the
Supplier's cost, give such assistance as the Principal may reasonably
require for the purpose of recalling as a matter of urgency any quantities
of the Products or any of them from the retail or wholesale market


10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


10.1 The Principal and the Distributor shall in no case have any liability
to each other for loss of use and other special, indirect or consequential
losses or damages. However, the Distributor shall be liable to the
Principal for loss of profit.


11. SECRECY


11.1 Each Party agrees and undertakes that during the term of this
Agreement and thereafter it shall keep confidential and shall not use for
its own purposes all information of a confidential nature (including,
without limitation, information relating to a Party’s business, know-how,
processes, product information and trade secrets) which may become known to
that Party from the other Party (“Confidential Information”), unless the
information is public knowledge or already known to that Party at the time
of disclosure or subsequently becomes public knowledge other than by breach
of this Agreement or subsequently comes lawfully into the possession of
that Party from a third party.


11.2 Either Party’s Confidential Information shall be maintained in
strictest confidence by the other Party and shall be treated as the other
Party would treat its own Confidential Information. It may only be used for
the sole purpose of assisting that other Party in adequately discharging
its obligations hereunder. Such Confidential Information shall not be
disclosed to any third party, unless with prior written approval from the
other Party or unless required by local law. This obligation shall survive
the termination of this Agreement for seven (7) years from the end of the
contract.


12. INFRINGEMENT


12.1 Both Distributor and Principal shall inform the other party of all
acts of unfair competition, breach of confidence and of all infringements
of patent or similar rights or other intellectual property rights of the
Principal or the Distributor, which come to their notice.


12.2 The Distributor shall, at the request of the Principal, assist the
Principal to the best of its ability to protect the Principal against such
acts and infringements. The Principal shall compensate the Distributor for
reasonable external expenses incurred in this regard, provided that,
external expenses over £500.00 must be pre-approved by the Principal.


13. ASSIGNMENT


13.1 This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party without the prior
written consent of the other. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement
shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective successors and assigns


14. CHANGES OF AGREEMENT


14.1 Changes or additions to this Agreement shall not be valid unless made
in writing and signed by both parties.


15. INVALID CLAUSES


15.1 In case one or more provisions of this Agreement are invalid, the
validity of the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall not be affected
thereby.


16. TERM AND TERMINATION


16.1 This Agreement shall come into effect on the date last signed and
shall continue in force for a period of one (1) year unless otherwise
terminated as provided herein.


16.2 Without prejudice to any remedy either Party may have against the
other for breach or non-performance of this Agreement, both Parties shall
have the right to terminate this Agreement with immediate effect by giving
the other Party written notice: (i) if the other Party commits any material
breach of any of the terms of this Agreement and (is such breach is
remediable) fails to remedy that breach within 30 days of that Party being
notified of the; or (ii) an order is made or a resolution is passed for the
winding up of the other Party, or an order is made for the appointment of
an administrator to manage the affairs, business and property of the other
Party, or such an administrator is appointed, or documents are filed with
the Court for the appointment of an administrator, or notice of intention
to appoint an administrator is given, or a receiver is appointed of any of
the other Party's assets or undertaking, or circumstances arise which
entitle the Court or a creditor to appoint a receiver or manager or which
entitle the Court to make a winding-up order, or the other Party takes or
suffers any similar or analogous action in consequence of debt anywhere in
the world, or an arrangement or composition is made by the other Party with
its creditors or an application to a court for protection from its
creditors is made by the other Party.


16.3 If the Distributor has not fulfilled any payment within [THIRTY (30)]
days after having fallen due and if the Distributor still has not made the
payment of such amount after [TWO (2) REMINDERS] from the Principal within
at least [FOURTEEN (14)] days between each reminder with reference to this
Clause, the Principal is entitled to terminate this Agreement immediately
on giving written notice.


16.4 The Principal is entitled to terminate this Agreement on giving three
(3) months prior written notice to the Distributor.


16.5 The parties are entitled to terminate this Agreement under any of the
following change of control events (“Change of Control”) arising at either
the Principal or the Distributor:


a) The purchase by a third party of [30%] of the company’s stock;


b) A change in the majority of the board of directors;


c) A merger or consolidation, after which the company’s prior shareholders
no longer control the company; or


d) The sale of all or substantially all of the company’s assets or the
liquidation of the company.


17. RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES AFTER TERMINATION


17.1 Termination of this Agreement shall not release either Party from any
obligation or liability incurred prior to the effective date of such
Termination.


17.2 The Distributor shall, at his sole cost and expense, promptly return
to the Principal all advertising materials, Confidential Information and
all other property or equipment of the Principal in possession of the
Distributor.


17.3 In the event of business transactions between the Parties subsequent
to the serving of notice of, or subsequent to the date of, Termination of
this Agreement, such relations shall not constitute a renewal of the
Agreement or a waiver of Termination, but all such transactions shall be
governed by terms identical to the applicable provisions of this Agreement,
unless the Parties execute a new Agreement superseding this Agreement.


17.4 The termination of this agreement (howsoever arising) shall not of
itself give rise to any liability on the part of the Principal to pay any
compensation to the Distributor, including but not limited to, for loss of
profits or goodwill.


18. REPLACEMENT OF PREVIOUS AGREEMENTS


This Agreement shall replace all other verbal or written Agreements
(howsoever arising) between the Parties concerning the Distributor’s right
and licence to promote and distribute the Products within the Territories.


19. ENTIRE AGREEMENT


This document constitutes the entire Agreement of the Parties on the
subject matter hereof and may not be modified or altered except by written
document duly executed by both Parties.


20. FORCE MAJEURE


20.1 If either Party is prevented from performing any of its obligations
hereunder due to any cause which is beyond the non-performing Party’s
reasonable control, including but not limited to fire, explosion, flood or
other acts of God; acts, regulations, or laws of any government; strike,
lock-out or labour disturbances; or unavailability or shortage of power,
labour or transportation; war, rebellion or civil disorder (collectively,
“Force Majeure Event”), such non-performing Party shall not be liable for
breach of this Agreement with respect to such non-performance to the extent
any such non performance is due to a Force Majeure Event.


20.2 Such non-performance shall be excused for six (6) months or until the
termination of such event (whichever occurs sooner), provided that the non-
performing Party gives written notice to the other Party of the Force
Majeure Event no later than thirty (30) days after becoming aware that the
Force Majeure Event shall prevent timely performance.


20.3 A Force Majeure Event affecting either party does not excuse non-
payment of amounts due for accepted goods ordered and delivered to the
Distributor or for defective or recalled goods returned to the Principal.


21. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS


21.1 A person who is not a party to this Agreement shall not have any
rights under or in connection with it by virtue of the Contract (Rights of
Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of a
third party which exists, or is available, apart from that that Act.


22. APPLICABLE LAW


22.1 This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with
[ENGLISH LAW]. Each party irrevocably and unconditionally submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of [ENGLAND] for determining any
dispute, claim or difference concerning this Agreement or any matter
arising therefrom.


22.2 This Clause and clauses 10, 11, 12.2, 17, 19 and 23 shall survive any
Termination of this Agreement.


23. NOTICES


23.1 Alll notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing
and delivered personally or mailed by overnight mail, postage prepaid, or
by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
or sent by DHL, Federal Express or other internationally recognised courier
service (billed to sender), to Parties at the following addresses:


If to Principal: Principal's Address


If to Distributor: [DISTRIBUTOR'S ADDRESS]


or to such other place either Party may designate by written notice to the
other.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first set forth above.


DISTRIBUTOR: Principal:


By: By:


Title: Title:


Date: Date:


Signature: Signature:


APPENDIX 1 – The Product Range


[PRODUCT RANGE]


APPENDIX 2 – Territories


[COUNTRIES]


APPENDIX 3 – Minimum Quantity by Period


[MINIMUM SALES]


APPENDIX 4 – Price List (Transfer Price to the Distributor)


[PRICES]

