

ARTICLE I - Name


Drexel DragonLAN is the name of our organization. Additionally, our
competitive gaming (eSports) teams will be known as the Drexel Dragoons.


ARTICLE II - Mission Statement


Drexel DragonLAN’s mission is to develop and grow Drexel University’s video
game community.

DragonLAN’s main focus in accomplishing this mission is hosting fun,
competitive, and social video game events on campus called LAN parties. At
a LAN party, attendees bring video game equipment and computers to connect
to a local network and play games with other attendees.

Secondly, DragonLAN aspires to be a place where students interested in
competitive gaming, also known as eSports, can come together as a
community. One way we plan on accomplishing this is to form teams for
specific video games and compete in intercollegiate leagues, depending on
the game.

Finally, DragonLAN also plans to support and promote Philadelphia area LAN
parties, eSports gatherings, and other gaming-related groups and events.


Values


These are the values that DragonLAN seeks to uphold in all of its
activities and endeavors. Members of the organization should keep them in
mind.


   1. Respect - No matter the situation or the setting, a DragonLAN member
      should always remember to be well-mannered and respectful towards
      other people, organizations, and Drexel University, regardless of
      affiliation.
   2. Openness - New ideas should be encouraged and considered. As a group,
      we should listen to each other and be open to trying new things.
   3. Having Fun - We shouldn’t take ourselves too seriously. The main goal
      of our organization is to bring Drexel’s video game community
      together, and if we aren’t having fun doing that, we aren’t achieving
      our goal.


ARTICLE III – Membership


Membership in DragonLAN is open to all undergraduate and graduate students
regardless of race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation,
species, or ability. Non-Drexel students may not be considered a member of
DragonLAN, but they are welcome to any events that do not specifically
restrict attendance to Drexel students.


Members of DragonLAN are considered part of the general body and can vote
on issues.


ARTICLE IV – Individual Officer Positions & Elections


Positions


The officers (collectively referred to as the “Staff”) are a group of
elected members of DragonLAN who hold responsibilities and powers outlined
here. Each position has a term of one year, with no term limits.


President


The President oversees the activities and initiatives of Drexel DragonLAN.
Working with the other officers and members of the organization, the
President is responsible for laying out their idea for the future of
DragonLAN and making a plan to execute that idea. The President will be
involved in many shifting roles and responsibilities within the
organization, and often wears many hats. The President leads weekly and
monthly meetings. The person holding this position must be a full-time,
undergraduate Drexel student.


Vice President


The Vice President assists in administrative tasks and duties and should
stand in for the President when the President is not available. The Vice
President also works with the President in a number of ways; oversight of
other officers, assisting in the planning and execution of events, as well
as the other varying roles and responsibilities that an officer in this
position must be prepared for. If the President is not available to lead a
meeting, the Vice President assumes responsibility. The Vice President is
also the LAN Committee chairperson, and is directly responsible for
recruiting LAN Committee members. The person holding this position must be
a full-time, undergraduate Drexel student.


Treasurer


The treasurer is in charge of managing the club’s finances. They help apply
for funding, claim funds after expenses have been incurred (if necessary),
and advise on the whether a purchase should be made or not. It is the
Treasurer's annual duty to complete an end-of-year fiscal report. If the
President & Vice President are not available for a weekly or general body
meeting, the Treasurer will lead. The person holding this position must be
a full-time, undergraduate Drexel student.


eSports Committee Chair/Director, Drexel Dragoons


The eSports Committee is tasked with advancing DragonLAN's mission to
promote and develop a community around competitive video gaming. Members
consist of the Chair, Drexel Dragoons team members, and anyone else
interested in helping with this mission.


The chair directs the future of the Drexel Dragoons as well as the overall
eSports vision for DragonLAN, and works with teams as well as other
interested stakeholders to advance its mission. The chair is also in charge
of finding and recruiting people interested in leading our competitive
teams, and working with them to promote their team and recruit teammates.
Finally, in the event that a sponsor is interested in supporting our teams,
the chair will work with the Business Communication Officer to develop a
partnership.


Quartermaster


The quartermaster is in charge of all DragonLAN-owned (or temporarily
rented) equipment. They will keep an inventory of equipment we own, as well
as any supplies or items we get from sponsors, and other miscellaneous
items, such as t-shirts. When planning events, the quartermaster works with
the LAN committee to figure out what kinds of equipment will be needed and
how much of each type (for example, network switches, power strips, and
extension cords).

Should there be a need for more equipment, the quartermaster works with the
treasurer and other officers to figure out what kind of equipment needs to
be bought and how much of it should be purchased. As always, the idea of
"borrow or rent before you buy" should be kept in mind.


The quartermaster is also in charge of coordinating equipment loans for
smaller events (in the North MPR or Library Learning Terrace, for example).


Console Officer


The console officer is in charge of organizing plans for console gaming at
quarterly LAN events and coordinating with volunteers as well as other
officers to obtain the equipment needed for a specific event. The officer
will also work with officers and committees to develop and host console-
focused events given an opportunity for such an event.


Secretary


The secretary is primarily tasked with keeping all of the other staff on
schedule. Responsibilities include arranging meetings, taking detailed
meeting notes and publishing minutes, assisting in the setting of due
dates, and other project management tasks.


Familiarity with the Google Apps suite of web applications (Gmail,
Calendar, Docs/Drive, etc.) is extremely valuable.


Stream Team Committee Chair


The Stream Team Committee will be a team of people well-versed or looking
to learn more about streaming as well as broadcasting video game content.
They will assist the organization in setting up and running streaming
content during events or when it is otherwise deemed useful.


We need a committee chair willing to organize this team and recruit members
to the committee. Once the committee is established, the chair will work
with the rest of the organization to make streaming and casting resources
(people, computers, and other audio/video equipment if necessary) available
when needed for DragonLAN/Drexel Dragoons events.


Media Team Committee Chair


The Media Team Committee will be a team of people focused on marketing
DragonLAN events as well as the organization itself to the Drexel community
as well as the general public.

The marketing channels available include the DragonLAN website, social
media, DragonLAN email newsletters, local digital media (Drexel InfoNET,
Drexel community announcements) print media (posters, flyers), Philadelphia-
wide media, and more.

We need a committee chair willing to recruit interested individuals,
coordinate marketing efforts for DragonLAN events, and organize promotional
events for DragonLAN and the Drexel Dragoons (Activities Unlimited, New
Student Orientation night events, etc.). They will work with the other
officers and committee members to promote our offerings through the
aforementioned channels.


Business Communications Officer


The Business Communications Officer is a position that stands to provide a
lot of benefit for DragonLAN events. We want to develop relationships with
Philadelphia-area as well as national organizations and businesses that
stand to benefit from promotion at LAN parties or other video game events,
in order to be able to provide our attendees with more reasons for
attending our events.

The BCO is the main contact for organizations looking to engage with
DragonLAN and talk to us about event sponsorships, co-sponsored events, and
other possibilities for partnerships. They work with the President, Vice
President, and other officers to develop strategies and discover potential
sponsors, but the BCO alone is responsible for communication with external
organizations. Professional and prompt communication skills are required
for this position.


Elections


The election process will occur once a year, towards the end of Spring
term. Each officer position including President will be available for self-
nomination. Nominees are required to write up a couple paragraphs
describing why they want the position and what skills and previous
experience they may have to offer in that position. After the nomination
period ends, members will be encouraged to vote in people for each
position.

An annual meeting will be held during the Spring term where the results of
the election are announced. The date of the annual meeting will be decided
each year by the Staff.


Vote of No Confidence


In the event that DragonLAN leadership is not performing as expected, a
member may call for a vote of no confidence. The organization may continue
to run as normal during the vote, but the person targeted by the vote of no
confidence may not exercise their powers. Instead, the rest of the staff
will assume said duties. In the event of a vote of no confidence, the other
members of the staff must create a poll using CollegiateLink that members
can vote on within three (3) days. The vote of no confidence, like
elections, must be announced through as many means as possible for maximum
visibility and voter turnout. If there is greater than two-thirds (66.6%)
vote support to oust the targeted staff member, that member will
immediately cease all duties and responsibilities and resign their
position. To replace the staff member, nominations will be held immediately
for the position, and an election following regular election guidelines
will occur within three (3) more days.


ARTICLE V - Staff


Membership


The Staff consists of all DragonLAN Officers and Committee chairpeople.


General Duties, Authority, & Responsibilities


Beyond the individual responsibilities of each officer, the Staff comes
together to vote on issues in the organization. In certain cases, the Staff
may elect to include the general body in a vote on an issue they deem
important to the entire organization.


The Staff also meets to vote on spending and expenses.


In order for the Staff to make an official vote, they must have a 70%
supermajority.


ARTICLE VI - Advisors


Primary advisor


The primary advisor required by Drexel for a student organization will be
selected by the President, with discussion and suggestions up to the
organization members and community. The primary advisor needs to be a full
time faculty or staff member.


Filling of vacancies


If the primary advisor gives up their position, DragonLAN will find a new
one as soon as possible. Only one organization faculty advisor is required
and can be from any university department as-long-as he/she is a full time
faculty or staff member, supports the goals and aspirations of the
organization, and is interested in facilitating the organization’s goals
even more. DragonLAN staff members are in charge of searching for a faculty
advisor.

The decision will be made at the closest weekly meeting, along with any
interested members. If there are multiple candidates a vote for the
selected advisor must be made at this meeting, keeping in mind that none of
them is also a viable option; the participants of this vote must include
all Staff and attending members. If there is only one candidate, a decision
must be made amongst all meeting participants of whether to accept or deny
this person.

Finally, after a decision has been made at the meeting, the new advisor can
be contacted and invited to join DragonLAN as an advisor.


ARTICLE VII - Standing Committees


State the name, membership, and general duties of each. It is desirable to
include a provision for the establishment of additional standing committees
at such time as the need for them arises.

Drexel DragonLAN will consist of the following committees. All registered
members of the organization are permitted to join these committees. In
addition, should the need of any additional official committees arise, the
organization must follow standard constitution amendment procedures. In
addition, each committee will have a chairperson responsible for the
leading the regular activities of the committee.


LAN Committee


The LAN Committee is in charge of organizing and executing DragonLAN’s LAN
events. This includes organizing a schedule, finding a place and time for
the event, and organizing logistics with relevant officers.


eSports Committee


The eSports committee is in charge of all Drexel Dragoons teams as well as
any eSports
initiatives.


ARTICLE VIII – Meetings


General Body Meetings


A general body meeting will be held once a month, run by the Staff. The
general body meeting is open to all DragonLAN members, and is recommended
for those who cannot make regular weekly meetings. Scheduling for the
meeting is at the Staff’s discretion. During general body meetings, members
are updated on the current activities and planned events of DragonLAN. All
Staff will be required to update members on individual subjects and topics
as part of a group presentation. The topics and subjects each officer is
responsible for may change from meeting to meeting. After the general body
meeting, the Staff will meet to discuss organizational issues.


Weekly Update Meetings


Once a week, update and discussion meetings will be held. These meetings
are also open to all DragonLAN members, and are highly recommended for
anyone who wants to be active within the organization. DragonLAN Staff is
required to attend weekly meetings. At each meetings, an hour will be
devoted to updates and discussion on individual tasks that any member may
be responsible for. New ideas for the organization may also be submitted in
advance for discussion.


Annual Summary Meeting


An annual meeting previously mentioned in Article IV will occur in order to
announce the results of the election. In addition to election result
announcements, at the annual meeting, the Treasurer will produce their
annual report as is required by Drexel.


Voting and Quorum


In order for a vote to be held at DragonLAN meeting, quorum must be
achieved. We will define quorum as the full group of Staff members plus 5
non-Staff members.

In order for an assembled group that meets quorum to pass votes at weekly
meetings or general body meetings, A simple majority (50% + 1 person) will
let the vote pass.


ARTICLE IX – Finances


Dues


Currently, DragonLAN does not require dues from its members.


Funding Process


DragonLAN will operate under any funding processes provided by Drexel,
including SAFAC.


Fundraising


DragonLAN can raise funds through methods devised by Staff and the general
body.


ARTICLE X – Ratification


In order to ratify this Constitution and any future amendments, the staff
will convene at either a weekly meeting or general body meeting to announce
the amendment or document being ratified. At the meeting, if the group
meets quorum for regular voting, the group may vote to ratify the amendment
or document. The ratification vote requires a two-thirds (66.6%) majority
vote.


ARTICLE XI – Amendments


If a staff or general body member of DragonLAN would like to seek to amend
the constitution, they must submit an email to the DragonLAN staff
outlining the amendment and why they support it. Within one week, at the
next meeting, DragonLAN Staff must introduce the amendment for discussion.
If the group at the meeting meets quorum requirements, the group may follow
ratification guidelines to amend the constitution.


When amending the constitution, the amendment itself will be appended to
the constitution, and the relevant parts of the original document will be
edited. Previous versions of the constitution will be logged.


ARTICLE XIII – Dissolution


The organization can only be dissolved at the end of a term by vote or by
the request of the office of campus activities. For the organization to
voluntarily disband, the Staff must unanimously vote to disband the
organization and two-thirds (66.6%) of the voting members of the
organization must vote approving dissolution of the chapter.

