
Welcome to the Dwolla System. Dwolla, Inc. has developed payment software
that is used by a financial institution partner to make it easy for users
to send and receive money online without all the fees of traditional
systems.


Dwolla, Inc. provides its registered users with access to its software
platform, and acts as an agent of a financial institution partner in
Dwolla’s provision of funds transfer services All actions taken by Dwolla
in regards to the transfer of funds are done so on behalf of a financial
institution partner.


Although we would love to have a one page terms of service that was
comprised of easy-to-read bullet points, unfortunately the realities of the
legal world make that nearly impossible. So, please bear with us through
all the legalities of this User Agreement-although we couldn't keep it to
one page, it is important You read this User Agreement in full and
understand the terms and conditions that govern our services.


Guest Checkout


In addition to the terms and conditions otherwise provided for in this
Agreement, Users who utilize Dwolla's Guest Checkout Service (described
below) agree to and accept the terms and conditions of each of the
paragraphs below. Such Users are referred to as "Guests" or "Receivers" as
defined above.


    • If You are a Guest, You represent that You have read and agree to all
      of the terms of this Agreement applicable to the Guest Checkout
      Service (without limiting Your other commitments under this
      Agreement). The Guest warrants and represents that he/she (i) is over
      18 years of age, (ii) is using a valid US bank account, and (iii) is
      authorized to use the bank account.
    • In order to use Dwolla Guest Services, You must be directed to a guest
      payment screen by Your Receiver (an established Dwolla customer).
    • The Guest authorizes Us to perform debits and credits to/from the
      Guest's bank account specified by the Guest through the Guest's use of
      the Dwolla System.
    • If You are the Receiver, You hereby authorize Us to perform debits and
      credits to Your Dwolla account.
    • The Guest and Receiver authorize Us to resolve any disputes.
    • You understand that (i) the Guest Checkout service is being provided
      on behalf of the Receiver (and established Dwolla Users) as an
      electronic funds transfer processing service rather than a bank
      service. You also understand that We are not acting as a fiduciary,
      trustee, money transmitter, or providing any type of escrow service
      with respect to Your funds, but only acting as the Receiver's agent.
    • To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement and
      any other agreements, notices or other communications regarding Your
      transaction and/or Your use of the Service, may be provided to You
      electronically and You agree to receive all such information from Us
      in electronic form. Information may be posted on the pages within the
      Dwolla System and website in electronic form.
    • All information in either electronic or paper form will be considered
      received by You no later than forty-eight (48) hours after posting or
      delivery.


Rights and Requirements to Use the Dwolla Guest Checkout Service


For the Sender:


Personal Information


You must give Us the requested information that is current, true, accurate
and complete. You are not permitted to use this Service on behalf of
another party or use an unauthorized name. If We determine that any of the
information You provide is outdated, false, inaccurate, or incomplete,
either of Us may terminate Your use of the Guest Checkout Service
immediately and for all future use. This action on Our part does not limit
other remedies either of Us may pursue to recover costs, losses, or other
expenses either of Us incurs as a result of the information or lack of
information You provide.


Upon providing Dwolla with Your information, You are authorizing it,
directly or through third parties, to make any inquiries We consider
necessary to confirm Your information and to provide such information to
the Financial Institution Partner. This may include the use of fraud-
screening services to verify the information You provide as well as
ordering a credit report and performing other forms of credit checks
including verification against third party databases.


Bank Account Information:


You must provide Us with Your routing and account number associated with
Your bank account from which funds are to be withdrawn. If We find that
Your account is closed or has insufficient funds, Your transaction will not
be processed. Please be advised that We reserve the right to reject any
accounts at certain banks for the use of our Dwolla System. In addition, We
may require additional information and confirmation at Our sole discretion
or at the discretion of Your Receiver and Us. In general, consumer and
business checking and savings accounts are permitted.


Right to Refuse Payment:


When You send a payment/transfer to a Receiver upon their direction through
the Dwolla System, that Receiver is not required to accept the payment. The
Receiver is free to return payments/transfers or, in some cases, to use the
Dwolla System to reject or deny payments that You have sent. You understand
that We will not be liable for any damages resulting from a Receiver's
decision not to accept a payment made through the Dwolla System. Any
disputes You may have related to a refusal by a Receiver should be handled
directly between You and the Receiver. Any payments through the Dwolla
System that are denied or unclaimed by a Receiver will be returned to the
Sender either on the date of such denial, or within 30 days from the date
the payment was originally sent, whichever is earlier.


For the Receiver:


Authorize Dwolla as an Agent


You agree and authorize Us to act as an agent on Your behalf to transfer to
electronically debit the Senders bank account and credit the funds to Your
Dwolla account.


Authorizations for Chargeback:


You understand that We do not warrant the transactions and that these
transactions are subject to ACH chargeback processes. You agree and warrant
that any chargebacks received by Us can and will be debited from Your
Dwolla account and if such funds do not exist a debit for the chargeback
amount will be placed against the bank account to which the funds were
withdrawn.


For Dwolla and the Financial Institution Partner:


On behalf of the Receiver, We shall make reasonable efforts to ensure that
requests for Dwolla System transactions and the related electronic debits
and credits involving bank accounts are processed in a timely manner. Many
factors outside the control of the Receiver and Us may contribute to when
Your Receiver will actually consider the funds to have been received. For
this reason, we recommend that You schedule all Dwolla System transactions
so that the estimated settlement date is at least twenty-four hours (24
hours) before the actual due date that You would like the transaction to
clear. Although the estimated settlement date is shown to You, We do not
make any warranties regarding the amount of time needed to complete
processing with Your Receiver. Neither Dwolla, the Financial Institution
Partner nor Your Receiver shall be liable for any actual or consequential
damages arising from any claim of delay of Dwolla transactions due to any
number of reasons, including but not limited to the following:


    • Insufficient funds in Your designated bank account or available credit
      on Your credit/debit card account to complete the electronic payment
      request;
    • Failure to provide correct or complete personal or Receiver
      information; or
    • Other circumstances beyond Our control (such as but not limited to
      fire, flood, earthquakes, war, riots, acts of terrorism, delays in the
      banking system or interference from a third party source).


In addition, We and/or Receiver, at our sole discretion reserve the right
to restrict electronic payment requests from a Sender's designated bank
account for any one of the reasons listed below:


    • Unauthorized or unusual use of Your designated bank or credit/debit
      card account;
    • Transfer or receipt of fraudulent or suspected fraudulent funds or
      credit/debit card use;
    • Detection of excessive disputes or reversals, or "kiting" type
      attempts;
    • Failure to cooperate in an investigation, dispute, or provide
      additional requested information when requested;
    • Any noncompliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement;
    • Failure to confirm any personal or bank account information previously
      provided by Sender associated with the use of our Service; or
    • Insufficient funds, available credit, returns, or reversals of any
      kind related to Your bank account or credit/debit card account.


We will use reasonable efforts to research and resolve such matters as
specified above to reach a conclusion as quickly as possible for all
parties involved.


In the event there is a dispute covering a specific transaction, We may
restrict the electronic funds or credit related to that particular
transaction. We may also restrict all transactions for a designated period
of time or until further notice to Sender to protect Ourselves and/or the
Receiver against the risk or returns or reversals. If needed, We may cancel
Your transaction by notifying You and sending You a check or credit for
credit card payment for any funds owed to You at the address You provided
in the Dwolla System. At a later point, if it is determined that You are
entitled to the amount in dispute, additional payment will be made
accordingly.

