
[EMPLOYEE NAME]


 


Dear [EMPLOYEE NAME]:


[COMPANY] (the “Company”) is pleased to offer you employment on the
following terms:


1.              Position.  Your initial title will be [TITLE], and you will
initially report to the Company’s [MANAGER].  This is a full-time
position.  While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in
any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-
time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the
Company.  By signing this letter agreement, you confirm to the Company that
you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would
prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company.


2.              Conditional Salary Compensation.  The Company will pay you
a starting salary at the rate of $[ANNUAL SALARY] per year, payable in the
form of conditional bonds on the company's payroll schedule. These bonds
can be redeemed for cash if the following conditions are met:


    • The company recieves funding of [MINIMUM FUNDING REQUIREMENT].
    • The company's profits exceed the operating costs and allow for the
      amount of a bond (or bonds) to be reedemed without creating a loss.
    • The company is purchased, in which the bonds must be paid the buyer
      within 30 days upon purchase.


This salary will be subject to adjustment pursuant to the Company’s
employee compensation policies in effect from time to time.


3.              Employee Benefits.  As a regular employee of the Company,
you will be eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored
benefits.  In addition, you will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance
with the Company’s vacation policy, as in effect from time to time.


4.              Equity.  Subject to the approval of the Company’s Board of
Directors or its Compensation Committee, you will be granted [NUMBER OF
SHARES] shares of the Company’s common stock.  The exercise price per share
will be determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee
when the shares are granted.  The shares will be subject to the terms and
conditions applicable to shares granted under the Company’s [YEAR] Stock
Plan (the “Plan”), as described in the Plan and the applicable Stock
Agreement.  You will vest in [CLIFF AMOUNT]% of the shares after [[Cliff
Months] months of continuous service, and the balance will vest in equal
monthly installments over the next [VESTING MONTHS] months of continuous
service, as described in the applicable Stock Agreement.


5.              Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement.  Like all
Company employees, you will be required, as a condition of your employment
with the Company, to sign the Company’s standard Proprietary Information
and Inventions Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.


6.              Employment Relationship.  Employment with the Company is
for no specific period of time.  Your employment with the Company will be
“at will,” meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your
employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause.  Any
contrary representations that may have been made to you are superseded by
this letter agreement.  This is the full and complete agreement between you
and the Company on this term.  Although your job duties, title,
compensation and benefits, as well as the Company’s personnel policies and
procedures, may change from time to time, the “at will” nature of your
employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by
you and a duly authorized officer of the Company (other than you).


7.              Tax Matters.


(a)            Withholding.  All forms of compensation referred to in this
letter agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding
and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law.


(b)           Tax Advice.  You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice
regarding your compensation from the Company.  You agree that the Company
does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that
minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the
Company or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from
your compensation.


8.              Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement.  This letter
agreement and Exhibit A constitute the complete agreement between you and
the Company, contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company
and supersede any prior agreements, representations or understandings
(whether written, oral or implied) between you and the Company.  This
letter agreement may not be amended or modified, except by an express
written agreement signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the
Company.  The terms of this letter agreement and the resolution of any
disputes as to the meaning, effect, performance or validity of this letter
agreement or arising out of, related to, or in any way connected with, this
letter agreement, your employment with the Company or any other
relationship between you and the Company (the “Disputes”) will be governed
by [STATE] law, excluding laws relating to conflicts or choice of law.  You
and the Company submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the
federal and state courts located in [STATE] in connection with any Dispute
or any claim related to any Dispute.


We hope that you will accept our offer to join the Company.  You may
indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing
and dating both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement
and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and
returning them to me.  This offer, if not accepted, will expire at the
close of business on [DATE].  As required by law, your employment with the
Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and
authorization to work in the United States.  Your employment is also
contingent upon your starting work with the Company on or before [DATE].


If you have any questions, please call me at [PHONE NUMBER].


 


Very truly yours,


[COMPANY]


 


By                                                                        


Name: [HIRING NAME]


Title: [HIRING TITLE]


 


Attachment


Exhibit A:  Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement

