

                          EMPLOYEE CONFIDENTIALITY


                                 NON-COMPETE


[Employee] will not at any time, in any fashion, form, or manner, either
directly or indirectly divulge, disclose, or communicate to any person,
firm, or corporation in any manner whatsoever any information of any kind,
nature, or description concerning any matters affecting or relating to the
business of [employer], including, without limitation, the names of any its
customers, the prices it obtains or has obtained, or at which it sells or
has sold its products, or any other information concerning the business of
employer, its manner of operation, or its plans,processes, or other date of
any kind, nature, or description without regard to whether any or all of
the foregoing matters would be deemed confidential, material, or important.

[Employee] agrees that for a period of 5 years from and after the date
hereof, he or his immediate and/or extended family will not engage directly
or indirectly, individually or collectively, on behalf of, or in
conjunction with others in any business in the market within which
[employer] or any affiliate of [employer] now conducts.

[Employee] agrees that he will not solicit, divert or take away prospective
customers from [employer].

In the event that enforcement of any or all part of agreements or legal
action become necessary, all expenses will be paid by [employee].

The parties hereby stipulate that, as between them, the foregoing matters
are important, material, and confidential, and gravely affect the effective
and successful conduct of the business of employer, and its good will, and
that any breach of the terms of this section is a material breach of this
agreement.


               Party 1 (Company)
    
               By: __________________________________

               Name:  _______________________________

               Title:  ________________________________

               Date:____________





               Party 2 (Employee)


               Name: _________________________________

               Title:  ________________________________

               Date: ____________


