
[DATE]


[EMPLOYEE FIRST NAME] [EMPLOYEE LAST NAME]


Re:     Amended and Restated Offer of Employment by [COMPANY]


Dear [EMPLOYEE FIRST NAME]:


I am very pleased to confirm the terms of your continuing employment with
[COMPANY], a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), in the position of EVP &
Chief Technology Officer, reporting to the Company’s Chief Operating
Officer, [COO].


1. Salary. Your current salary is $[SALARY] per year (as adjusted from time
to time, your “Salary”), less all applicable deductions required by law,
which shall be payable at the times and in the installments consistent with
the Company’s then current payroll practice. Your Salary is subject to
periodic review and adjustment in accordance with the Company’s policies in
effect from time to time.


2. Incentive Compensation; Benefits. You will continue to be eligible to
participate in the incentive compensation programs, insurance programs and
other employee benefit plans established by the Company for its employees
from time to time in accordance with the terms of those programs and plans.
The Company reserves the right to change the terms of its programs and
plans at any time.


3. Confidentiality. As an employee of the Company, you have access to
certain confidential information of the Company and you may, during the
course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that
will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the
Company, you signed the Company’s standard Employee Invention Assignment
and Confidentiality Agreement (the “Confidentiality Agreement,” the terms
of which are incorporated by reference herein) as a condition of your
employment. We wish to impress upon you that we do not want you to, and we
have directed you not to, bring with you any confidential or proprietary
material of any former employer or to violate any other obligations you may
have to any former employer. During the period that you render services to
the Company, you have agreed and continue to agree to not engage in any
employment, business or activity that is in any way competitive with the
business or proposed business of the Company. You will disclose to the
Company in writing any other gainful employment, business or activity that
you are currently associated with or participate in that competes with the
Company. You will not assist any other person or organization in competing
with the Company or in preparing to engage in competition with the business
or proposed business of the Company. You represent that your signing of the
Prior Letter, this Clarifying Letter, each agreement setting forth the
terms and conditions of the stock awards granted to you, if any, under the
Company’s equity plans, and the Confidentiality Agreement, and your
commencement of employment with the Company, do not violate any agreement
in place (either on the date you commenced employment with the Company or
now) between yourself and current or past employers.


4. Termination. If, at any time, (i) you resign your employment for any
reason, (ii) the Company terminates your employment for any reason, or
(iii) either party terminates your employment as a result of your death or
disability, you will receive your Salary accrued through your last day of
employment, as well as any unused vacation (if applicable) accrued through
your last day of employment. Except as set forth in the [COMPANY] Change in
Control Severance Benefit Plan and the Stock Option Agreement between you
and the Company, dated [STOCK AGREEMENT DATE], you are not eligible for any
severance benefits upon a termination of your employment.


5. Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly stated in an agreement between
the Company and you, the Company intends that compensatory payments and
benefits to you satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions
from the application of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code provided
under Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5), and
1.409A-(b)(9) and will be construed to the greatest extent possible as
consistent with those provisions. For purposes of Section 409A and the
regulations and other guidance thereunder and any state law of similar
effect (collectively, “Section 409A”) (including without limitation
Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2)(iii)), all compensatory
payments made by the Company (whether severance payments or otherwise) will
be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and will at
all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. It is intended
that any payments and benefits that are not exempt from application of
Section 409A will be interpreted and administered so as to comply with the
requirements of Section 409A to the greatest extent possible. Therefore, if
you are deemed by the Company at the time of your “separation from service”
(as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard
to alternative definitions thereunder) to be a “specified employee” for
purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i), and if payments due to you upon a
separation from service are deemed to be “deferred compensation,” then if
delayed commencement of any portion of such payments (or delayed issuance
of any shares subject to equity awards that are not themselves exempt from
Section 409A) is required to avoid a prohibited distribution under
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) and the related adverse taxation under
Section 409A, such payments will not be provided to you (or such shares
issued) prior to the earliest of (a) the expiration of the six month period
measured from the date of your separation from service (or, if required
under Section 409A, the expiration of the applicable 18 month period),
(b) the date of your death or (c) such earlier date as permitted under
Section 409A without the imposition of adverse taxation, and on the first
business day following the expiration of such applicable
Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) period, all payments deferred pursuant to this
Section 5 will be paid in a lump sum to you, and any remaining payments due
will be paid as otherwise provided in the applicable agreement and no
interest will be due on any amounts so delayed.


6. At Will Employment. While we look forward to a long and profitable
relationship, you will be an at will employee of the Company, which means
the employment relationship can be terminated by either of us for any
reason, at any time, with or without prior notice and with or without
cause. Any statements or representations to the contrary (and any
statements contradicting any provision in this Clarifying Letter) should be
regarded by you as ineffective. Further, your participation in any stock
incentive or benefit program is not to be regarded as assuring you of
continuing employment for any particular period of time. Any modification
or change in your at will employment status may occur only by way of a
written employment agreement signed by you and the EVP & Chief Technology
Officer of the Company.


 7. Entire Agreement. This Letter, including your Confidentiality
Agreement, Stock Option Agreement and any other documents referred to
herein, constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
with respect to the subject matter of this Clarifying Letter, and supersede
any and all prior understandings and agreements, whether oral or written,
between or among the parties hereto with respect to the specific subject
matter hereof.


8. Acceptance. Please sign the enclosed copy of this letter in the space
indicated and return it to me. Your signature will acknowledge that you
have read and understood and agreed to the terms and conditions of this
letter and the attached documents, if any. Should you have anything else
that you wish to discuss, please do not hesitate to call me.


We look forward to your employment with the Company.


Very truly yours,


[COMPANY]


I have read and understood this letter and hereby acknowledge, accept and
agree to the terms as set forth above and further acknowledge that no other
commitments were made to me as part of the terms of my employment except as
specifically set forth herein.

