
[EMPLOYEE NAME]


Dear [EMPLOYEE NAME]:


[COMPANY] (the “Company”) is pleased to offer you employment on the
following terms:


1. Position. Your initial title will be [TITLE], and you will initially
report to the Company’s [MANAGER].


2. Equity. Subject to the approval of the Company’s Board of Directors or
its Compensation Committee, you will be granted [NUMBER OF SHARES] shares
of the Company’s common stock. The exercise price per share will be
determined by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee when the
shares are granted.


3. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. Like all Company
employees, you will be required, as a condition of your employment with the
Company, to sign the Company’s standard Proprietary Information and
Inventions Agreement, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A.


4. Employment Relationship. Employment with the Company is for no specific
period of time. Your employment with the Company will be “at will,” meaning
that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time
and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations
that may have been made to you are superseded by this letter agreement.
This is the full and complete agreement between you and the Company on this
term. Although your job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well
as the Company’s personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to
time, the “at will” nature of your employment may only be changed in an
express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of
the Company (other than you).


5. Tax Advice. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding
any compensation received from the Company. You agree that the Company does
not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that
minimizes your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the
Company or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from
your compensation.


6. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement. This letter agreement and
Exhibit A constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company,
contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede
any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written,
oral or implied) between you and the Company. This letter agreement may not
be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed by
both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. The terms of this
letter agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning,
effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of,
related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your
employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the
Company (the “Disputes”) will be governed by [STATE] law, excluding laws
relating to conflicts or choice of law. You and the Company submit to the
exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in
[STATE] in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any Dispute.


We hope that you will accept our offer to join the Company. You may
indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing
and dating both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement
and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and
returning them to me. This offer, if not accepted, will expire at the close
of business on [DATE]. As required by law, your employment with the Company
is contingent upon your providing legal proof of your identity and
authorization to work in the United States. Your employment is also
contingent upon your starting work with the Company on or before [DATE].


If you have any questions, please call me at [PHONE NUMBER].


Sincerely yours,


[COMPANY]


By


Name: [HIRING NAME]


Title: [HIRING TITLE]


Attachment


Exhibit A: Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement

