
Dear [NAME]:


Touch Lab (the “Company”) is pleased to offer you employment on the
following terms:


1. Position.  Your initial title will be Developer, and you will initially
report to the Company’s  FounderKevin Galligan.  This is a full-time
position.  While you render services to the Company, you will not engage in
any other employment, consulting or other business activity (whether full-
time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the
Company.  By signing this letter agreement, you confirm to the Company that
you have no contractual commitments or other legal obligations that would
prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company.


2. Cash Compensation.  The Company will pay you a starting salary at the
rate of $_______ per year, payable in accordance with the Company’s
standard payroll schedule.  This salary will be subject to adjustment
pursuant to the Company’s employee compensation policies in effect from
time to time.


3. Employee Benefits.  As a regular employee of the Company, you will be
eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits.  


5. Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement.  You will be required,
as a condition of your employment with the Company, to sign the Company’s
standard Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement, a copy of which
is attached hereto as Exhibit A.


6. Employment Relationship.  Employment with the Company is for no specific
period of time.  Your employment with the Company will be “at will,”
meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any
time and for any reason, with or without cause.  Any contrary
representations that may have been made to you are superseded by this
letter agreement.  This is the full and complete agreement between you and
the Company on this term.  Although your job duties, title, compensation
and benefits, as well as the Company’s personnel policies and procedures,
may change from time to time, the “at will” nature of your employment may
only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly
authorized officer of the Company (other than you).


7. Tax Matters.


(a) Withholding.  All forms of compensation referred to in this letter
agreement are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and
payroll taxes and other deductions required by law.


(b) Tax Advice.  You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding
your compensation from the Company.  You agree that the Company does not
have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes
your tax liabilities, and you will not make any claim against the Company
or its Board of Directors related to tax liabilities arising from your
compensation.


8. Interpretation, Amendment and Enforcement.  This letter agreement and
Exhibit A constitute the complete agreement between you and the Company,
contain all of the terms of your employment with the Company and supersede
any prior agreements, representations or understandings (whether written,
oral or implied) between you and the Company.  This letter agreement may
not be amended or modified, except by an express written agreement signed
by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company.  The terms of
this letter agreement and the resolution of any disputes as to the meaning,
effect, performance or validity of this letter agreement or arising out of,
related to, or in any way connected with, this letter agreement, your
employment with the Company or any other relationship between you and the
Company (the “Disputes”) will be governed by New York law, excluding laws
relating to conflicts or choice of law.  You and the Company submit to the
exclusive personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in
New York in connection with any Dispute or any claim related to any
Dispute.


We hope that you will accept our offer to join the Company.  You may
indicate your agreement with these terms and accept this offer by signing
and dating both the enclosed duplicate original of this letter agreement
and the enclosed Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement and
returning them to me.  This offer, if not accepted, will expire at the
close of business on Friday October 12, 2012.  As required by law, your
employment with the Company is contingent upon your providing legal proof
of your identity and authorization to work in the United States.  Your
employment is also contingent upon your starting work with the Company on
or before Monday, October 22nd, 2012.


If you have any questions, please call me at 917-836-3823.


Very truly yours,


Touch Lab


By                                                                        


Name: Kevin Galligan


Title:  Founder


Attachment


Exhibit A:  Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement

