

   Information rights and express consent


      The data protection policy governs access and use of the Softonic
      website that Softonic makes available, free of charge, to Internet
      users interested in the site's services and content (hereafter
      "Users").


      According to what is set forth in Data Protection Regulations,
      Softonic International S.L., as owner of the Website for Spain and for
      the rest of the world, informs the User that files containing personal
      data of users and customers have been created, and accepts
      responsibility for the files, dully filed with the corresponding
      public entity.


      Softonic does not sell or rent its users’ personal data to third
      parties with commercial purposes without the users’ prior consent.
      However, Softonic is enabled to disclose personal data in order to (i)
      fulfill a legal requirement, (ii) demand the fulfillment of our
      policies, (iii) answer claims regarding the breach or protection of
      any third party’s rights or its property or security, in the event
      they are affected by advertisements or contents. Softonic is enabled,
      as well, to share or transfer your personal information to:


      Members of the Softonic group: Softonic International S.L., Softonic
      Inc., Softonic Hong Kong, Softonic Japan K.K. contract services from
      suppliers that help us with our internal operations in order to
      provide joint content and services (such as registration,
      transactions, or customer service), to make the prevention and
      detection of potentially illegal acts or breaches of our policies
      easier, or to make decisions regarding products, services and
      communications. To that end, the User expressly permits Softonic to
      transfer its personal data for the sole purposes specified in the
      Privacy Policy.


   Purpose


      Softonic collects information concerning users who register via the
      Softonic websites for the following reasons:

         o Creation of a community of users interested in software, where
           they can share their opinions and favorite programs with other
           users.
         o To provide users' opinions about computer programs through
           forums or any other electronic means.
         o To inform the Users about anything related to the software.
         o To study and analyze information provided by the Users in order
           to evaluate new trends or services.
         o To share and send contents and opinions.
         o To send electronic communications for promotional and
           informative purposes regarding the software sector or any other
           sectors that might be interesting, such as the ones indicated in
           clause 7 below.

      The personal data belonging to Users such as companies, individual
      authors or group of programmers provided via forms available at
      "Authors Services" are collected by Softonic with the following
      purposes:

         o Option only for companies that sell software.
         o Sale and promotion of software and other content related to
           electronic means, PC, Mac, mobiles and/or any other electronic
           communication device.
         o To send electronic communications for promotional and
           informative purposes regarding the software sector or any other
           sectors that might be interesting, such as the ones indicated in
           clause 7 below.

   Mandatory or optional nature of the information provided by the User and
      reliability of the information


      The User must complete the fields specified with an asterisk (*) in
      the registration form, as they are strictly necessary to respond to
      its request. The filling of the other fields is voluntary.
      The User guarantees that the personal information provided is true and
      agrees to inform Softonic of any changes to the same.


      The User guarantees that the personal information provided is exact
      and up to date and reflects the User's current status. The User is
      responsible for keeping his or her information up to date at all
      times. The User is responsible for any mistake or error in the data
      provided, and shall be liable for any damage deriving from said
      errors, as regards Softonic or third parties, by virtue of using
      Softonic services.


   Privacy Control


      The User, through his or her personal menu, will be allowed to choose
      and modify the desired privacy level regarding the personal data
      provided to Softonic. To that end, the User shall choose one of the
      following profiles, according to his or her interest:

         o Public Profile: All personal information related to the User is
           public. However, he or she can use the option "Change Privacy"
           to enable other users to see information related to "Show my
           profile to the other users", "Activity visible for all the
           users" and "Friends visible for all the users". In the event the
           User has a personal picture or an avatar that represents them,
           such image shall also be visible for all Users.
         o Private Profile: All personal information related to the User is
           private. Information related to "Show my profile to the other
           users", "Activity visible for all the users" and "Friends
           visible for all the users" will not be visible to the other
           users. In the event the User has a personal picture or an avatar
           that represents them, such image shall also be visible for all
           Users.

   User Consent


      By filling of the form and sending his or her personal data, the User
      declares to have read and expressly accepted the legal terms, and
      grants his or her consent to the automated handling of his or her
      details, according with the purposes being informed and services
      provided by Softonic.


      Moreover, the User expressly consents that his or her opinions and the
      contents provided by him or her are handled by Softonic for the
      indicated purposes.


   Information provided by minors


      Users older than fourteen years old are able to register into
      Softonic.com without their parents' or tutors' prior consent.


      In the event the User is a minor under fourteen, their parents' or
      tutors' prior consent is required for the handling of the minor's
      personal data.


      The minor will be never asked about other members of his/her family's
      professional or economical situation or their privacy.

      If you are a minor under fourteen and you have accessed this Website
      without letting your parents know, please do not register as a User.

   Electronic communications


      By completing and submitting an electronic form to Softonic, Users
      expressly consent to receive bulletins concerning the most relevant
      news, innovation, and information regarding the website, as well as
      electronic communications relating to the sector and the following
      sectors:


1 IT and Technology:

               ▪ IT, software and technology
               ▪ Internet
               ▪ Digital TV / Satellite / Cable
               ▪ Fixed telephony
               ▪ Mobile telephony

2 Gastronomy / Food


3 Art / Crafts, Decorating and Interiors


4 News and communications about working with and joining non-government
           organisations / Charity


5 Construction / DIY


6 Pets


7 Business exchange services


8 Purchase and sale of companies


9 Franchises


10 Financial services:

               ▪ Finance
               ▪ Private banking
               ▪ Stock market and investments
               ▪ Brokers
               ▪ Credit: Loans and mortgages
               ▪ Accounts and credit cards
               ▪ Investment funds
               ▪ Mortgages
               ▪ Renting / leasing
               ▪ Insurance

11 Property offers


12 Motor / Cars/ Sailing


13 Leisure and Entertainment:

               ▪ Digital channels
               ▪ Leisure
               ▪ Cinema and Shows
               ▪ Culture / Museums
               ▪ Photography
               ▪ Games
               ▪ Restaurants and Nightclubs
               ▪ Videogames and multimedia

14 Articles for women and men:

               ▪ Shoes
               ▪ Cosmetics and Perfume
               ▪ Personal care
               ▪ Jewelry, watches and optics
               ▪ Fashion and accessories

15 Travel:

               ▪ Flight offers
               ▪ Hotel offers
               ▪ Trips
               ▪ Rent vehicles with and without engines
               ▪ Rural tourism
               ▪ Holidays and weekends
               ▪ Business trips

16 Children's products:

               ▪ Products for Babies
               ▪ Children's shoes
               ▪ Toys / Educational games
               ▪ Baby / Youths clothes

17 Music / Books


18 Training/ Employment


19 Health and Well-being:

               ▪ Food
               ▪ Ecology and Environment
               ▪ Health, Healthy Life

20 Funeral services


21 Sports:

               ▪ Team sports (Football, Basketball, etc.)
               ▪ Maritime sports
               ▪ Adventure and extreme sports
               ▪ Sports equipment
               ▪ Fitness
               ▪ Tennis, Golf, skiing and cycling

      Softonic offers its Users, via previous subscription through his or
      her personal account, the following services:

         o All about Software (weekly subscription): The User will receive
           at his or her e-mail account all the information required to
           choose the best software: programs' comparisons, analysis and
           others.
         o Notices and alerts through e-mail related to downloading
           programs.

      Softonic has established two mechanisms by which users can reject said
      services, simply and at zero cost.


      To do so the user must enter the access menu and de-activate the
      relevant sending options in the electronic communications section.
      Users can also deactivate this service by clicking on the unsubscribe
      option at the bottom of the e-mails received.


   Security


      Softonic informs Users that it has adopted the technical and
      organizational measures laid down by law to protect their personal
      data and to prevent it from being altered, lost, handled or accessed
      without authorization, bearing in mind the status of the technology,
      nature of the data saved and the risks to which they are exposed, in
      accordance with all the regulations in force.


   Cookies and IPs


      The User agrees to cookies and IP tracking. Our software and the
      site's traffic analyzer use cookies and IP trackers that collect data
      for statistical purposes, including: date of first visit, number of
      visits, date of last visit, URL and domain, operating system, browser
      and screen resolution. The User is also free to de-activate and/or
      eliminate cookies by following the instructions given by their
      Internet browser.


      Advertising on this site includes Google AdSense, a system that uses
      cookies to display advertising that relates to the pages viewed by the
      User.


      When a user accesses a site that uses Google AdSense, a cookie that
      allows Google to collect the information about the user's activity is
      activated in order to manage and publish advertisements through Google
      Adsense.


      This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided
      by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are
      text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how
      users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your
      use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to
      and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use
      this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the
      website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators
      and providing other services relating to website activity and internet
      usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties
      where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process
      the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP
      address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of
      cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however
      please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full
      functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to
      the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the
      purposes set out above.


      The user can deactivate Google cookies by deactivating cookies in
      their browser.


      Softonic does not spam and only handles data provided by the Users via
      the Website or email messages.


  Right to Acces, Correct and Cancel Data


      The User is entitled to access this information, correct it if there
      are mistakes and cancel their Softonic account.


      Users can exercise these rights via the configuration menu in their
      personal profile, which they can access using their email address and
      password.


      If users experience problems while exercising their online rights or
      if they have doubts or questions related to our Personal Data
      Protection Policy they can contact us directly at:

      Softonic International S.L.
      C/Rosselló i Porcel, 21, 17th floor,
      08016, Barcelona,
      Spain

      Or through our e-mail: moc.cinotfos@ycavirp indicating the reference
      matter.


      Personal data processing, as well as commercial electronic
      communications, are in accordance with the regulations currently in
      force.


  Modification of the Data Protection Policy


      Softonic reserves the right to modify this policy to adapt it to
      future legislative or case law developments.


  Applicable Law


      Unless a specific local regulation sets forth the contrary, the Data
      Protection Policy and the rest of the Legal Conditions concerning the
      website are governed by Spanish law.


  Contents provided by SOFTONIC users


      By providing content on SOFTONIC's Web sites, the user declares that
      he or she is the legitimate owner of the intellectual and industrial
      property rights or is authorized to distribute the content and
      communicate it to the public, and authorizes and therefore expressly
      assigns to SOFTONIC the content provided so that it may be copied,
      distributed, and publically communicated through any electronic means,
      primarily Internet and e-mail, throughout the world, and for an
      indefinite period of time.


      Users who decide to share and provide content and/or information
      through SOFTONIC, such as discussions, files, opinions, blogs, and any
      other content, expressly consent for this content to be published and
      indexed on Google and other Internet search engines.


      SOFTONIC does not allow the distribution, management, or communication
      of content that degrades the quality of the service. Softonic
      prohibits the inclusion of the following content, among others:

         o That presumed to be illegal under national, European community,
           or international law or that performs activities that are
           presumed to be illegal or that contravene the principles of good
           faith.
         o That does not meet the parameters for quality established by
           SOFTONIC.
         o That attacks the fundamental rights of persons, that can search
           for user vulnerabilities, that lacks courtesy online, that
           bothers people or can lead to negative opinions among our users
           or third parties. Concretely, and including by not limited to:
           any legal rights of third parties; those that encourage or
           enable the creation, maintenance, and stimulation of businesses
           related to pornography, obscene material or dealings in erotic
           contact; those that are related to divination, tarot, "occult
           sciences," or any other related content; and in general any
           content that SOFTONIC considers inappropriate for its users, and
           in particular, for minors.
         o And in general, that contravenes the principles of legality,
           honor, responsibility, protection of human dignity, protection
           of minors, protection of the public order, protection of private
           lives, protection of consumers, and intellectual and industrial
           property rights.

      Likewise, SOFTONIC reserves the power to remove from the Portal that
      content which it considered inappropriate to the characteristics and
      purpose of SOFTONIC.


      SOFTONIC cannot control each and every piece of content published,
      such that it cannot assume responsibility for the content.


      In any regard, content uploaded and published is reviewed periodically
      to ensure SOFTONIC's principles of quality, as well as the rules
      herein indicated.


      Any user who uploads content that contravenes the laws in force shall
      assume sole responsibility for the damages and consequences that arise
      therefrom, releasing SOFTONIC from any liability.


  Questions regarding this Policy


      Any doubts or question related to this Personal Data Protection Policy
      can be sent by email to moc.cinotfos@lagel.


All rights of use are reserved.


This website is governed by Spanish law and is protected by national and
international legislation relating to intellectual and industrial property.


The text, designs, images, databases, logos, structure, trademarks and
other elements of this website are protected by Softonic's intellectual and
industrial property rights and/or those of the third parties who own the
aforementioned elements and who have duly authorised their use on the
website either by completing a registration form or through agreements
established with Softonic on the transfer of rights of use.


Any reproduction, transmission, adaptation, translation, modification,
public communication, or any other use of all or part of the website's
contents carried out in any form or by any electronic, mechanical or other
means is strictly prohibited unless prior permission in writing has been
granted by Softonic or the third parties. Any infringement of these rights
may lead to extrajudicial, judicial, civil or criminal proceedings as
appropriate.


Unless express permission is given, Softonic does not grant any type of
licence or permission of use in relation to its intellectual and industrial
property rights or any other property or right associated with the website,
its services or content.


The legitimacy of the intellectual or industrial property rights relating
to content provided by users is the exclusive responsibility of the
aforementioned users.


For the purposes of preserving any possible intellectual property rights in
the event a user or third party believes that their legitimate rights have
been infringed due to the inclusion of certain content on the website,
legal@softonic.com must be notified in writing by sending an email to
moc.cinotfos@lagel. The following information must be provided:

