
                                       


                                       


                                       


                         EQUIPMENT RENTAL AGREEMENT



OWNER:


{{Company}}


Shipping Address:


{{Business Address}} 


Phone: 



RENTER: _____________________


Date: _________
Address:


 



Contact Phone: _______________

Place of Use:_______________________


                              EQUIPMENT RENTED


        ITEM                         SERIAL NUMBER                  
DESCRIPTION


1. ___________             ________________                
_____________________


2. ___________            ________________                
 _____________________


3. ___________            ________________                
 _____________________




Rental Rate:


_________________for rental period______________


_________ per week thereafter


RENTAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

1. The RENTER shall keep and maintain the rented equipment during the terms
of the rental at his won cost and expense. He shall keep the equipment in a
good state of repair, normal wear and tear excepted.
2. The RENTER shall pay the OWNER full compensation for replacement for
replacement and/or repair of any equipment which is not returned because it
is lost or stolen or any equipment which is damaged and in need of repair
to put it into the same condition it was in at the time of rental, normal
wear and tear excepted. The OWNER’s invoice for replacement or repair is
conclusive as to the amount RENTER shall pay under this paragraph for
repair or replacement.
3. The RENTER shall not remove the equipment from the address of the RENTER
or the location shown herein as the place of use of the equipment without
prior written approval of the OWNER.
The RENTER shall inform the OWNER upon demand of the exact location of the
equipment while it is in the RENTERS’s possession.
4. The equipment shall be delivered to RENTER and returned to OWNER at the
RENTER’s risk, cost and expense. If a periodic rental rate is charged by
OWNER, rental charges are billed to the RENTER for each period or portions
of the period form the time the equipment is delivered to RENTER until its
return. If a term rental rate is charged by OWNER, rental charges are
billed to the RENTER for the full term even if the equipment is returned
before the end of the term. If the equipment is not returned during or at
the end of the term, then the rental charges shall continue on a full term
basis for any additional term or portion thereof until the equipment is
returned. 


5. No allowance will be made for any rented equipment or portion thereof
which is claimed not to have been used. Acceptance of returned equipment by
OWNER does not constitute a waiver of any of the rights OWNER has under the
rental agreement. 


6. The RENTER shall allow OWNER to enter RENTER’s premises where the rented
equipment is stored or used at all reasonable times to locate and inspect
the state and condition of the rented equipment. If the RENTER is in
default of any of the terms and conditions of this agreement, the OWNER,
and his agents, at the RENTER’s risk, cost and expense may at any time
enter the RENTER’s premises where the rented equipment is stored or used at
all time and recover the
rented equipment.


7. The RENTER shall not pledge or encumber the rented equipment in any way.
The OWNER may terminate this agreement immediately upon the failure of
RENTER to make rental payments when due, or upon RENTER’s filling for
protection from creditors in any court of competent jurisdiction.


8. The OWNER makes no warranty of any kind regarding the rented equipment,
except that OWNER shall replace the equipment with identical or similar
equipment if the equipment fails to operate in accordance with the
manufacturer’s specifications and operation instructions. Such replacement
shall be made as soon as practicable after RENTER returns the non-
conforming equipment.


9. RENTER indemnifies and holds OWNER harmless for all injuries or damage
of any kind for repossession and for all consequential and special damages
for any claimed breach of warranty.


10. The RENTER shall pay all reasonable attorney and other fees, the
expenses and costs incurred by OWNER in protection its rights under this
rental agreement and for any action taken OWNER to collect any amounts due
the OWNER under this rental agreement.


11. These terms are accepted by the RENTER upon delivery of the terms to
the RENTER or the
agent or other representative of RENTER.




Date:______________________


RENTER:___________________


OWNER:____________________ 

