
Confidential Disclosure Agreement


This Agreement is entered into this Friday March 11, 2016 by and between
Rasmus Jenson Aka Senator Haax (hereinafter "Recipient") and Everest
Community (hereinafter "Discloser").


WHEREAS Discloser possesses certain ideas and information relating to their
Garry's Mod GTAO/PERP server that is confidential and proprietary to
Discloser (hereinafter "Confidential Information"); and


WHEREAS the Recipient is willing to receive disclosure of the Confidential
Information pursuant to the terms of this Agreement for the purpose of
managing the server files and creating and editing the data within them.


NOW THEREFORE, in consideration for the mutual undertakings of the
Discloser and the Recipient under this Agreement, the parties agree as
follows:


1. Disclosure. Discloser agrees to disclose, and Receiver agrees to receive
the Confidential Information.


2. Confidentiality.


2.1 No Use. Recipient agrees not to use the Confidential Information in any
way, or to manufacture or test any product embodying Confidential
Information, except for the purpose set forth above.


2.2 No Disclosure. Recipient agrees to use its best efforts to prevent and
protect the Confidential Information, or any part thereof, from disclosure
to any person other than Recipient's employees having a need for disclosure
in connection with Recipient's authorized use of the Confidential
Information.


2.3 Protection of Secrecy. Recipient agrees to take all steps reasonably
necessary to protect the secrecy of the Confidential Information, and to
prevent the Confidential Information from falling into the public domain or
into the possession of unauthorized persons.


3. Limits on Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall not
be deemed proprietary and the Recipient shall have no obligation with
respect to such information where the information:


(a) was known to Recipient prior to receiving any of the Confidential
Information from Discloser;


(b) has become publicly known through no wrongful act of Recipient;


(c) was received by Recipient without breach of this Agreement from a third
party without restriction as to the use and disclosure of the information;


(d) was independently developed by Recipient without use of the
Confidential Information; or


(e) was ordered to be publicly released by the requirement of a government
agency.


4. Ownership of Confidential Information. Recipient agrees that all
Confidential Information shall remain the property of Discloser, and that
Discloser may use such Confidential Information for any purpose without
obligation to Recipient. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as
granting or implying any transfer of rights to Recipient in the
Confidential Information, or any patents or other intellectual property
protecting or relating to the Confidential Information.


5. Term and Termination. The obligations of this Agreement shall be
continuing until the Confidential Information disclosed to Recipient is no
longer confidential.


6. Survival of Rights and Obligations. This Agreement shall be binding
upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by (a) Discloser, its
successors, and assigns; and (b) Recipient, its successors and assigns.


7. IF a breakage in this agreement does occur after the stated date the
recipient here by agrees that they are liable for paying $100,000 in agreed
damages to the discloser.


8. By accepting the agreement the Recipient here by agrees that the sign-on
bonus of $50 and the percentage of donations recieved which amount to 15%
of the overall donations for the PERP Game Mode (Pulsar Effect Role Play)
will be sufficient payment in exchange for for upkeep of the server and all
of its files and contents in addition to additional coding efforts to
improve and refine the intellectual property of Everest Community. By
accepting the agreed terms and money offerings the Recipient here by enters
a binding contract with the discloser.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this agreement effective as
of the date first written above.

