
    EXHIBIT 1


STOCK SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT


      THIS STOCK SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT (this Â“AgreementÂ”) is dated
as of November 30, 2010, and is made and entered into by and among Parrish
Medley (Â“BuyerÂ”) and Kyle Beddome (Â“SellerÂ”) with respect to the
following facts:


      A.


Seller owns 31,500,000 shares of common stock of Dafoe Corp., a Nevada
corporation (the Â“CompanyÂ”).  


      B.


Seller desires to sell to Buyer, and Buyer desires to purchase from Seller,
11,250,000 shares of the CompanyÂ’s common stock upon the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement.


      Accordingly, for and in consideration of the premises, the mutual
promises, covenants and agreements hereafter set forth, and for other good
and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, Seller and Buyer, intending to be legally bound, do hereby
agree as follows:


ARTICLE I


SALE AND PURCHASE


      Section 1.1


Sale and Purchase of Shares.   On and subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement, effective as of the Closing Date, Buyer shall purchase
from Seller, and Seller shall sell to Buyer, Eleven Million Two Hundred and
Twenty Five Thousand (11,250,000) shares of common stock (the Â“SharesÂ”)
of the Company registered in the name of Seller for the consideration
specified in Section 1.2 and upon the terms and conditions set forth in
this Agreement.


      Section 1.2


Purchase Price.  The purchase price for the Shares  (the Â“Purchase
PriceÂ”) is One Thousand One Hundred and Twenty Five dollars ($1,125.00).
The Purchase Price shall be paid to the Seller at the Closing, in cash.


      Section 1.3


Closing Date; Deliveries.  The closing shall occur on December 22, 2010, or
such other date as the parties hereto may agree to (the Â“Closing DateÂ”).
 On the Closing Date, Buyer shall deliver a check in the amount of the
Purchase Price to Seller, and Seller shall deliver to Buyer a share
certificate representing the Shares issued in the name of the Seller.


ARTICLE II


REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS OF SELLER


      To induce Buyer to enter into and perform its obligations under this
Agreement, Seller hereby represents and warrants to Buyer, and covenants
with Buyer, as follows:


      Section 2.1


Authority and Capacity.  Seller has all requisite power, authority and
capacity to enter into this Agreement. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by Seller does not, and the consummation of
the transaction contemplated hereby will not, result


1


in a breach of or default under any agreement to which Seller is a party or
by which Seller is bound.   


      Section 2.2


Binding Agreement.  This Agreement has been duly and validly executed and
delivered by Seller and constitutes SellerÂ’s valid and binding agreement,
enforceable against Seller in accordance with and subject to its terms.  


      Section 2.3


Title to Shares.  Seller is the lawful, record and beneficial owner of all
of the Shares, free and clear of any liens, claims, agreements, charges,
security interests and encumbrances whatsoever.  The sale, conveyance,
assignment, and transfer of the Shares in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement transfers to Buyer legal and valid title to the Shares, free and
clear of all liens, security interests, hypothecations or pledges.


      Section 2.4


SEC Reports.   As the President and sole director of the Company, Seller is
familiar with the reports and documents filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission since January 1, 2010 (Â“SEC ReportsÂ”).
 Seller represents that none of the SEC Reports contained, when filed, an
untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact
required to be stated or incorporated by reference therein or necessary in
order to make the statements therein in light of the circumstances under
which they were made not misleading.  Seller makes no representation or
warranty regarding the Company, its business, operations, financial
condition or prospects other than as set forth in the SEC Reports.


ARTICLE III


REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF BUYER


      To induce Seller to enter into and perform their obligations under
this Agreement, Buyer represents and warrants to Seller as follows:


      Section 3.1


Authority and Capacity.  Buyer has all requisite power, authority and
capacity to enter into this Agreement. The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by Buyer does not, and the consummation of
the transaction contemplated hereby will not, result in a breach of or
default under any agreement to which Buyer is a party or by which Buyer is
bound.


      Section 3.2


Disclosure.   Buyer has reviewed the SEC Reports and is aware of the
CompanyÂ’s business and financial condition.


      Section 3.3


Investment Representations.  Buyer is acquiring the Shares for BuyerÂ’s own
account and is not acquiring the Shares with a view to or for sale in
connection with any distribution thereof within the meaning of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


ARTICLE IV


MISCELLANEOUS


      Section 4.1


Entire Agreement.  This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding and
agreement of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and
supersedes any and all prior understandings, agreements, negotiations and
discussions, both written and oral, between the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof.


2


      Section 4.2


Governing Law.  This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced
in accordance with, and shall be governed by, the laws of the State of
California without reference to, and regardless of, any applicable choice
or conflicts of laws principles.


      Section 4.3


Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts
and by the several parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which together shall
constitute one and the same Agreement.


      Section 4.4


Further Assurances.  Each of the parties hereto shall from time to time at
the request of any other party hereto, and without further consideration,
execute and deliver to such other party such further instruments of
assignment, transfer, conveyance and confirmation and take such other
action as such other party may reasonably request in order to more
effectively fulfill the purposes of this Agreement.


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been signed by the parties
hereto as of the date first above written.  


Buyer:


PARRISH MEDLEY


________________________________
Parrish Medley      


Seller:


KYLE BEDDOME


________________________________
Kyle Beddome


3

