
SUMMARY


Attorney: [ATTORNEY NAME]


Client: [CLIENT NAME]


Initial Deposit Amount: $[INITIAL DEPOSIT]: [DEPOSIT DUE DATE]


Hourly rates: Attorney $[ATTORNEY HOURLY FEE]/hr, Staff $[STAFF HOURLY
FEE]/hr


MATHEW AURIC ("Attorney"), [CLIENT NAME] ("Client") hereby agree that
Attorney will provide legal services to Client on the terms set forth
below.


CONDITIONS


This Agreement will not take effect, and Attorney will have no obligation
to provide legal services, until Client returns a signed copy of this
Agreement and pays the Initial Deposit. am


SCOPE OF SERVICES


Client hires Attorney to provide legal services in the following matter:


[SCOPE OF WORK]


Attorney will provide those legal services reasonably required to represent
Client. Attorney will take reasonable steps to keep Client informed of
progress and to respond to Client's inquiries. Services in any matter not
described above will require a separate written agreement.


CLIENT'S DUTIES


Client agrees to be truthful with Attorney, to cooperate, to keep Attorney
informed of any information or developments which may come to Client's
attention, to abide by this Agreement, to pay Attorney's bills on time, and
to keep Attorney advised of Client's address, telephone number and
whereabouts. Client will assist Attorney in providing necessary information
and documents and will appear when necessary at legal proceedings.


DEPOSIT


Client agrees to pay Attorney an initial deposit of [INITIAL DEPOSIT] by
[DEPOSIT DUE DATE].


The hourly charges will be charged against the deposit. The initial
deposit, as well as any future deposit, will be held in a trust account.
Client authorizes Attorney to use that fund to pay the fees and other
charges as they are incurred. Payments from the fund will be made upon
remittance to client of a billing statement. Client acknowledges that the
deposit is not an estimate of total fees and costs, but merely an advance
for security.


Whenever the deposit is exhausted, Attorney reserves the right to demand
further deposits, each up to a maximum of $2000.


Once a trial or arbitration date is set, Client shall pay all sums then
owing and deposit the attorneys' fees estimated to be incurred in preparing
for and completing the trial or arbitration, as well as the jury fees or
arbitration fees, expert witness fees and other costs likely to be
assessed. Those sums may exceed the maximum deposit.


Client agrees to pay all deposits after the initial deposit within 15 days
of Attorney's demand. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, any unused
deposit at the conclusion of Attorney's services will be refunded.


LEGAL FEES AND BILLING PRACTICES


Client agrees to pay by the hour at Attorney's prevailing rates for all
time spent on Client's matter by Attorney's legal personnel. The Attorneys
may, at the sole discretion of the Attorneys, associate any other Attorney
in the representation of the aforementioned claims of the Client at the
given rates or as otherwise agreed to in writing.


Current hourly rates for legal personnel are as follows:


Attorneys: $[ATTORNEY HOURLY FEE]/hr


Staff: $[STAFF HOURLY FEE]/hr


The rates on this schedule are subject to change on 30 days' written notice
to Client. If Client declines to pay increased rates, Attorney will have
the right to withdraw as attorney for Client.


The time charged will include the time Attorney spends on telephone calls
relating to Client's matter, including calls with Client, witnesses,
opposing counsel or court personnel. The legal personnel assigned to
Client's matter may confer among themselves about the matter, as required
and appropriate. When they do confer, each person will charge for the time
expended, as long as the work done is reasonably necessary and not
duplicative. Likewise, if more than one of the legal personnel attends a
meeting, court hearing or other proceeding, each will charge for the time
spent. Attorney will charge for waiting time in court and elsewhere and for
travel time, both local and out of town.


Time is charged in minimum units of one-tenth (.1) of an hour.


COSTS AND OTHER CHARGES


(a) Attorney will incur various costs and expenses in performing legal
services under this Agreement. Client agrees to pay for all costs,
disbursements and expenses in addition to the hourly fees. The costs and
expenses commonly include, service of process charges, filing fees, court
and deposition reporters' fees, jury fees, notary fees, deposition costs,
long distance telephone charges, messenger and other delivery fees,
postage, photocopying and other reproduction costs, travel costs including
parking, mileage, transportation, meals and hotel costs, investigation
expenses, consultants' fees, expert witness, professional, mediator,
arbitrator and/or special master fees and other similar items. All costs
and expenses will be charged at Attorney's cost.


(b) Out of town travel. Client agrees to pay transportation, meals, lodging
and all other costs of any necessary out-of-town travel by Attorney's
personnel. Client will also be charged the hourly rates for the time legal
personnel spend traveling.


(c) Experts, Consultants and Investigators. To aid in the preparation or
presentation of Client's case, it may become necessary to hire expert
witnesses, consultants or investigators. Client agrees to pay such fees and
charges. Attorney will' select any expert witnesses, consultants or
investigators to be hired, and Client will be informed of persons chosen
and their charges.


Additionally, Client understands that if the matter proceeds to court
action or arbitration, Client may be required to pay fees and/or costs to
other parties in the action. Any such payment will be entirely the
responsibility of Client.


BILLING STATEMENTS


Attorney will send Client periodic statements for fees and costs incurred.
Each statement will be payable within 10 days of its mailing date. Client
may request a statement at intervals of no less than 30 days. If Client so
requests, Attorney will provide one within 10 days. The statements shall
include the amount, rate, basis of calculation or other method of
determination of the fees and costs, which costs will be clearly identified
by item and amount.


DISCHARGE AND WITHDRAWAL


Client may discharge Attorney at any time. Attorney may withdraw with
Client's consent or for good cause. Good cause includes Client's breach of
this Agreement, refusal to cooperate or to follow Attorney's advice on a
material matter or any fact or circumstance that would render Attorney's
continuing representation unlawful or unethical. When Attorney's services
conclude, all unpaid charges will immediately become due and payable. After
services conclude, Attorney will, upon Client's request, deliver Client's
file, and property in Attorney's possession whether or not Client has paid
for all services.


DISCLAIMER OF GUARANTEE AND ESTIMATES


Nothing in this Agreement and nothing in Attorney's statements to Client
will be construed as a promise or guarantee about the outcome of the
matter. Attorney makes no such promises or guarantees. Attorney's comments
about the outcome of the matter are expressions of opinion only. Any
estimate of fees given by Attorney shall not be a guarantee. Actual fees
may vary from estimates given.


ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS IN EVENT OF DELINQUENCY


If this account is not paid in full when due, you agree to pay, in addition
to the balance due (including late payment charges) through the date of
settlement, all costs of collection, including reasonable hourly rates for
our time devoted to collection and/or litigation related to the collection
of the delinquency, including the costs and fees of outside attorneys, if
we elect to refer the matter to outside counsel, whether or not a suit is
filed. In addition to the above, you agree to pay for reasonable court fees
and costs, if any, related to the collection of the delinquency.


ENTIRE AGREEMENT


This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties. No other
agreement, statement, or promise made on or before the effective date of
this Agreement will be binding on the parties.


SEVERABILITY IN EVENT OF PARTIAL INVALIDITY


If any provision of this Agreement is held in whole or in part to be
unenforceable for any reason, the remainder of that provision and of the
entire Agreement will be severable and remain in effect.


MODIFICATION BY SUBSEQUENT AGREEMENT


This Agreement may be modified by subsequent agreement of the parties only
by an instrument in writing signed by both of them, or an oral agreement
only to the extent that the parties carry it out.


EFFECTIVE DATE


This Agreement will govern all legal services performed by Attorney on
behalf of Client commencing with the date Attorney first performed
services. The date at the beginning of this Agreement is for reference
only. Even if this Agreement does not take effect, Client will be obligated
to pay Attorney the reasonable value of any services Attorney may have
performed for Client.


THE PARTIES HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THE FOREGOING TERMS AND AGREE TO THEM
AS OF THE DATE ATTORNEY FIRST PROVIDED SERVICES. IF MORE THAN ONE CLIENT
SIGNS BELOW, EACH AGREES TO BE LIABLE, JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY, FOR ALL
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. CLIENT SHALL RECEIVE A FULLY EXECUTED
DUPLICATE OF THIS AGREEMENT.


Date: [TODAY'S DATE]


________________________________________


[CLIENT NAME]


Date: [TODAY'S DATE]


________________________________________


[ATTORNEY NAME]

