
Ladies and Gentlemen:


When countersigned by you below, the following letter will set forth


our understanding and constitute our agreement (the "Agreement") by which
SBI E2-Capital (USA) Inc. (the "Finder") will serve on behalf of
Netgateway, Inc. (the "Company") as a finder to introduce the Company to
potential investors ("Potential Investors") in connection with the
Company's private offering (the "Transaction") of $2,500,000 aggregate
principal amount of its common stock, $.001 par value (the "Common Stock").


1. Services. The services which the Finder may provide shall be in addition
to, and independent of, any other services which the Finder is expected to
provide to the Company under any other agreements that the Finder may have
with the Company. Accordingly, no portion of the compensation which the
Finder may earn under such other agreements will have any relationship to
the finder's fee set forth below; nor will payment of any such finder's fee
have any relationship to any other sums for which the Company is obligated
to the Finder.


2. Best Efforts. The Finder will use the Finder's best efforts in rendering
its services to the Company in connection with the Transaction. Neither the
Company, nor any of its officers, directors or shareholders, will be
obligated to proceed with any person that the Finder may introduce to the
Company. The Finder's services hereunder will be provided on a non-
exclusive basis during the term hereof.


3. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one year,
commencing as of June 15, 2001. However, any such expiration shall be
qualified as provided by the other terms and conditions of this Agreement.


4. Compensation. For its role as Finder with respect to the Transaction,
the Finder will be entitled to receive, and the Company shall pay the full
amount of, a finder's fee in an amount equal to the following:


(a) 2% of the gross proceeds all capital raised during the term of the
engagement,


(b) 7% of any proceeds raised via introduction from the Finder,


(c) Warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock at the Offering
price in the Transaction, issued to the Finder or its designees, along with
standard anti-dilution and net issuance provisions.


5. Expenses. The Company shall reimburse the Finder promptly for any out-of-
pocket expenses, including fees and expenses of the Finder's counsel,
incurred by the Finder in connection with rendering its services hereunder
at the Company's request, upon submission of a bill therefore.


6. Potential Investors. The Finder will periodically inform you in writing
as to the identity of those Potential Investors who, based on the Finder's
discussions with them, have expressed an interest in participating in the
Transaction. As to any such party, the provision of the Finder's
introduction will fully qualify for and entitle the Finder to receive the
full amount of compensation set forth in Section 4 above, even though the
Company may have been aware of or even had discussions with any such party
prior to the introduction which the Finder has provided.


7. Indemnification. The Company shall indemnify and hold harmless the
Finder from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities
and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs (collectively,
"Losses") that are incurred or sustained by the Finder that arise from,
relate to or are connected with the performance of the Finder's duties
under this Agreement, except if such Losses are caused by the Finder's
willful misconduct or intentional wrongdoing. In addition, the Company
shall cooperate fully with the Finder in the Finder's defense of any of the
foregoing.


8. Status of Finder. The Finder is an independent contractor and is not and
shall not be considered the Company's agent for any purposes whatsoever.
The Finder is not granted any right or authority to assume or create any
obligations or liability, express or implied, on the Company's behalf, or
to negotiate on behalf of or bind the Company in any manner whatsoever. The
Finder is not licensed as a securities broker or dealer and cannot and will
not engage in the sale of securities on behalf of the Company, or in any
other activity for which such or any other license is required.


9. Arbitration. All disputes between the Company and the Finder relating to
or arising from this Agreement shall be submitted upon the written demand
of any party hereto to mandatory, final and binding arbitration under the
rules and regulations of the American Arbitration Association, to be
conducted in Los Angeles, California.


10. General Terms. -------------


(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws of the State of California.


(b) Attorneys' Fees. If any litigation or other legal proceeding relating
to this Agreement occurs between the parties, the prevailing party shall be
entitled to recover (in addition to any other relief awarded or granted)
its reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees and costs
incurred in such litigation or proceeding.


(c) Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is determined
to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, then to the extent necessary to make such provision or this
Agreement legal, valid or otherwise enforceable, such term or provision
will be limited, construed or severed and deleted from this Agreement, and
the remaining portion of such term or provision and the remaining other
terms and provisions hereof shall survive, remain in full force and effect
and continue to be binding, and will be interpreted to give effect to the
intention of the parties hereto insofar as that is possible.


(d) Personal Jurisdiction and Venue. The parties hereto each submit to the
personal jurisdiction of, and venue in, the federal and state courts in the
City of Los Angeles, State of California, for any actions arising out of or
relating to this Agreement.


(e) Amendment and Modification. This Agreement and any of its terms and
provisions may only be amended, modified, supplemented or waived in a
writing signed by both parties hereto.


(f) Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and replace
and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements or
understandings, written, oral or otherwise with respect to the subject
matter hereof.


(g) Waiver. No waiver of any term or provision hereof or consent to any
action hereunder shall constitute a waiver of any other term or provision
hereof or consent to any other action hereunder, whether or not similar. No
waiver or consent hereunder shall constitute a continuing waiver or consent
hereunder or commit a party to provide a waiver or consent in the future
except to the extent specifically set forth in writing. The entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and
replace and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements or
understandings, written, oral or otherwise with respect to the subject
matter hereof.


(h) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement can not be assigned by either
party without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent
can be withheld in such other party's sole discretion. This Agreement shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their
respective heirs, successors and permitted assigns.


(i) Notices. All communications hereunder shall be in writing and, if sent
to the Adviser, shall be mailed, delivered, or telexed or telegraphed and
confirmed by letter, to SBI E2-Capital (USA) Inc., 23 Corporate Plaza 210,
Newport Beach, CA 92660 Attn: Shelly Singhal, Managing Director, or if sent
to the Company, shall be mailed, delivered, or telexed or telegraphed and
confirmed by letter, to Netgateway, Inc., 754 East Technology Avenue, Orem,
Utah 84097 Attn: Don Danks. All notices hereunder shall be effective upon
receipt by the party to which it is addressed.


(j) Headings. Headings contained in the Agreement are solely for
convenience and shall not be used to define or construe any of the terms or
provisions hereof.
(k) Meanings of Certain Words. Whenever the context may require, any
pronouns used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine,
feminine or neuter forms, and the singular forms of nouns or pronouns shall
include the plural and vice versa.


(l) Construction. The rule of construction that any ambiguity in an
agreement be construed against the drafter of such agreement shall not
apply to this Agreement.


Should the Foregoing conform to your understanding for our agreement,
please indicate your acknowledgement thereof and agreement thereto by
signing the enclosed copy of this letter where indicated below and
returning one fully signed copy hereof to the undersigned.


Very truly yours,


SBI E2-Capital (USA) Inc.


By -----------------------------------


Shelly Singhal


Managing Director


Acknowledged And Agreed:


NETGATEWAY, INC.


By: --------------------------------------------------


Don Danks


Its: CEO/Chairman


Dated: -----------------------------------------------

