

                              [COMPANY] , INC.


                              VOTING AGREEMENT


This Voting Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of
[EFFECTIVE DATE], by and among [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), those certain holders of the Company’s Common Stock listed on
Exhibit A hereto (the “Key Holders”) and the persons and entities listed on
Exhibit B hereto (the “Investors”).


                                 Witnesseth


Whereas, the Key Holders are the beneficial owners of an aggregate of X
shares of the common stock of the Company (the “Common Stock”);


Whereas, the Investors are purchasing shares of the Company’s Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Series A Stock” or “Preferred Stock”), pursuant to
that certain Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase
Agreement”) of even date herewith (the “Financing”); and


Whereas, the obligations in the Purchase Agreement are conditioned upon the
execution and delivery of this Agreement; and


Whereas, in connection with the consummation of the Financing, the Company,
the Key Holders and the Investors have agreed to provide for the future
voting of their shares of the Company’s capital stock as set forth below.


Now, Therefore, in consideration of these premises and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


                                  AGREEMENT


1.    Voting.


1.1    Key Holder Shares; Investor Shares.


(a)    The Key Holders each agree to hold all shares of voting capital
stock of the Company registered in their respective names or beneficially
owned by them as of the date hereof and any and all other securities of the
Company legally or beneficially acquired by each of the Key Holders after
the date hereof (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Key Holder
Shares”) subject to, and to vote the Key Holder Shares in accordance with,
the provisions of this Agreement.


(b)    The Investors each agree to hold all shares of voting capital stock
of the Company (including but not limited to all shares of Common Stock
issued or issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock) registered in
their respective names or beneficially owned by them as of the date hereof
and any and all other securities of the Company legally or beneficially
acquired by each of the Investors after the date hereof (hereinafter
collectively referred to as the “Investor Shares”) subject to, and to vote
the Investor Shares in accordance with, the provisions of this Agreement.


1.2    Election of Directors. On all matters relating to the election and
removal of directors of the Company, the Key Holders and the Investors
agree to vote all Key Holder Shares and Investor Shares held by them (or
the holders thereof shall consent pursuant to an action by written consent
of the holders of capital stock of the Company) so as to elect members of
the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) as follows:


(a)    At each election of or action by written consent to elect directors
in which the holders of Series A Stock, voting as a separate class, are
entitled to elect a director of the Company, the Investors shall vote all
of their respective Investor Shares so as to elect one (1) individual
designated by [FOUNDRY] (“Foundry”), which individual shall initially be
[FOUNDRY DIRECTOR NAME] . Any vote taken to remove any director elected
pursuant to this Section 1.2(a), or to fill any vacancy created by the
resignation, removal or death of a director elected pursuant to this
Section 1.2(a), shall also be subject to the provisions of this
Section 1.2(a). Upon the request of any party entitled to designate a
director as provided in this Section 1.2(a), each Investor agrees to vote
its Investor Shares for the removal of such director.


(b)    At each election of directors in which the holders of Common Stock,
voting as a separate class, are entitled to elect directors of the Company,
the Key Holders shall vote all of their respective Key Holder Shares so as
to elect (i) the person serving as Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
which individual shall initially be [NAME], and (ii) one (1) individual
designated by the holders of a majority of the Key Holder Shares held by
Key Holders then providing services to the Company as officers or
employees, if any. Any vote taken to remove any director elected pursuant
to this Section 1.2(b), or to fill any vacancy created by the resignation,
removal or death of a director elected pursuant to this Section 1.2(b),
shall also be subject to the provisions of this Section 1.2(b). In the
event that the person serving as the director to be elected as set forth in
this Section 1.2(b)(i) ceases to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, each Key Holder agrees to vote its Key Holder Shares for the
removal of such director at the request of a majority of the members of the
Board excluding the director to be removed.


1.3    No Liability for Election of Recommended Director. None of the
parties hereto and no officer, director, stockholder, partner, employee or
agent of any party makes any representation or warranty as to the fitness
or competence of the nominee of any party hereunder to serve on the Board
of Directors by virtue of such party’s execution of this Agreement or by
the act of such party in voting for such nominee pursuant to this
Agreement.


1.4    Legend.


(a)    Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, there shall be
imprinted or otherwise placed, on certificates representing the Key Holder
Shares and the Investor Shares the following restrictive legend (the
“Legend”):


“THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF A VOTING AGREEMENT WHICH PLACES CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON THE
VOTING OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED HEREBY. ANY PERSON ACCEPTING ANY INTEREST
IN SUCH SHARES SHALL BE DEEMED TO AGREE TO AND SHALL BECOME BOUND BY ALL
THE PROVISIONS OF SUCH AGREEMENT. A COPY OF SUCH VOTING AGREEMENT WILL BE
FURNISHED TO THE RECORD HOLDER OF THIS CERTIFICATE WITHOUT CHARGE UPON
WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE COMPANY AT ITS PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS.”


(b)    The Company agrees that, during the term of this Agreement, it will
not remove, and will not permit to be removed (upon registration of
transfer, reissuance of otherwise), the Legend from any such certificate
and will place or cause to be placed the Legend on any new certificate
issued to represent Key Holder Shares or Investor Shares theretofore
represented by a certificate carrying the Legend. If at any time or from
time to time any Key Holder or Investor holds any certificate representing
shares of the Company’s capital stock not bearing the aforementioned
legend, such Key Holder or Investor agrees to deliver such certificate to
the Company promptly to have such legend placed on such certificate.


1.5    Successors. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon
the successors in interest to any of the Key Holder Shares or Investor
Shares. The Company shall not permit the transfer of any of the Key Holder
Shares or Investor Shares on its books or issue a new certificate
representing any of the Key Holder Shares or Investor Shares unless and
until the person to whom such security is to be transferred shall have
executed a written agreement, substantially in the form of this Agreement,
pursuant to which such person becomes a party to this Agreement and agrees
to be bound by all the provisions hereof as if such person were a Key
Holder or Investor, as applicable.


1.6    Other Rights. Except as provided by this Agreement or any other
agreement entered into in connection with the Financing, each Key Holder
and Investor shall exercise the full rights of a holder of capital stock of
the Company with respect to the Key Holder Shares and the Investor Shares,
respectively.


1.7    Approved Sale; Financing.


(a) In the event that (i) the Board and (ii) the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock then providing services to the
Company as employees or officers and (iii) the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Series A Stock (together, the “Requisite Holders”)
approve an Acquisition or Asset Transfer (each as defined in the Company’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation) (an “Approved Sale”), (x) if the
Approved Sale is structured as a merger or consolidation of the Company, or
a sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, each Key Holder
and Investor agrees to be present, in person or by proxy, at all meetings
for the vote thereon, to vote all shares of capital stock held by such
person for, or in connection with any solicitation of written consents from
the stockholders of the Company, and raise no objections to such Approved
Sale, and to waive and refrain from exercising any dissenters rights,
appraisal rights or similar rights in connection with such merger,
consolidation or asset sale or (y) if the Approved Sale is structured as a
sale of the stock of the Company, the Key Holders and Investors shall each
agree to sell their Key Holder Shares and Investor Shares on the terms and
conditions approved by the Requisite Holders; provided in each case that
(A) the terms of the Approved Sale do not provide that such Key Holder or
Investor would receive as a result of such Approved Sale less than the
amount that would be distributed to such Key Holder or Investor in the
event the proceeds of such Approved Sale of the Company were distributed in
accordance with the liquidation preferences set forth in the Company’s
Certificate of Incorporation and (B) under the agreements related to the
Approved Sale, any liability of a Key Holder or Investor for
indemnification is pro rata in accordance with the relative gross amount of
consideration payable to such Key Holder or Investor, as applicable, in
such Approved Sale and does not exceed the consideration actually received
by such Key Holder and Investor, if any, in such Approved Sale. Subject to
the foregoing, the Key Holders and the Investors shall each take all
necessary and desirable actions approved by the Requisite Holders in
connection with the consummation of the Approved Sale, including the
execution of such agreements and such instruments and other actions
reasonably necessary to (1) provide the representations, warranties,
indemnities, covenants, conditions, non-compete agreements, escrow
agreements and other provisions and agreements relating to such Approved
Sale and (2) effectuate the allocation and distribution of the aggregate
consideration upon the Approved Sale.


(b) In the event that the Requisite Holders approve a debt or equity
financing of the Company (an “Approved Financing”), each Key Holder and
Investor agrees to vote all Key Holder Shares held by such Key Holder at
any meeting of the stockholders of the Company, however called, or in
connection with any solicitation of written consents from the stockholders
of the Company, in favor of the Approved Financing. Subject to the
foregoing, the Key Holders and the Investors shall each take all necessary
and desirable actions approved by the Requisite Holders in connection with
the consummation of the Approved Financing.


1.8    Voting Covenants. With respect to all matters presented to the
Company’s stockholders (a “Stockholder Matter”), each Key Holder who is not
then providing services to the Company as an officer or employee (a “Non-
Employee Key Holder”) shall vote all of his Key Holder Shares (or shall
consent pursuant to an action by written consent of the holders of capital
stock of the Company) in the same manner and in the same proportion as
shares of such class (with respect to shares of the Company’s Common Stock)
or series (with respect to shares of the Company’s Preferred Stock) that
are not held by Non-Employee Key Holders are voted.


1.9    Irrevocable Proxy. To secure the Key Holder’s and the Investor’s
obligations to vote the Key Holder Shares and the Investor Shares in
accordance with this Agreement, each Key Holder and each Investor hereby
appoints the Chief Executive, President or Secretary of the Company, or any
of them from time to time, or their designees, as such Key Holder’s or
Investor’s true and lawful proxy and attorney, with the power to act alone
and with full power of substitution, to vote all of such Key Holder’s Key
Holder Shares or such Investor’s Investor Shares as set forth in this
Agreement and to execute all appropriate instruments consistent with this
Agreement on behalf of such Key Holder or Investor if, and only if, such
Key Holder or Investor fails to vote all of such Key Holder’s Key Holder
Shares or such Investor’s Investor Shares or execute such other instruments
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement within five (5) days of
the Company’s or any other party’s written request for such Key Holder’s or
Investor’s written consent or signature. The proxy and power granted by
each Key Holder and Investor pursuant to this Section are coupled with an
interest and are given to secure the performance of such party’s duties
under this Agreement. Each such proxy and power will be irrevocable for the
term hereof. The proxy and power, so long as any party hereto is an
individual, will survive the death, incompetency and disability of such
party or any other individual holder of the Shares and, so long as any
party hereto is an entity, will survive the merger or reorganization of
such party or any other entity holding any Investor Shares or Key Holder
Shares.


1.10    Future Issuance. The Company covenants and agrees that, as a
condition to the future issuance, sale or transfer of any shares of the
Company’s capital stock (including shares of capital stock issued upon the
exercise of options, warrants or other convertible securities) issued by
the Company to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or
advisors to, the Company or any subsidiary, such holder shall become a
party to this Agreement or agree to be bound by the provisions of this
Agreement as a “Key Holder” hereunder.


2.    Termination.


2.1    This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect from the date
hereof through the earliest of the following dates, on which date it shall
terminate in its entirety:


(a)    the date of the closing of a firmly underwritten public offering of
the Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, and declared effective under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, that results in the Series A Stock
being converted into Common Stock;


(b)    subject to Section 2.2, the date of the closing of an Acquisition
(as defined in the Company’s Restated Certificate of Incorporation as in
effect as of the date hereof); and


(c)    the date as of which the parties hereto terminate this Agreement by
written consent of the Requisite Holders; provided, however, that for so
long as Foundry has the right to designate a director for election to the
Board pursuant to Section 1.2(a), this Agreement shall not be terminated
without the written consent of Foundry.


2.2    Notwithstanding anything in Section 2.1 to the contrary, if this
Agreement is terminated automatically pursuant to Section 2.1(b), then the
obligations of the Key Holders and the Investors under Sections 1.7, 3.3,
3.4 and 3.13 shall survive such termination. The stockholders of the
Company as of immediately prior to the closing of such Acquisition are the
intended third party beneficiaries of this Section 2.2 and Section 1.7.


3.    Miscellaneous.


3.1    Ownership. Each Key Holder represents and warrants to the Investors
and the Company that (a) such Key Holder now owns the Key Holder Shares
listed on Exhibit A hereto, free and clear of liens or encumbrances, and
has not, prior to or on the date of this Agreement, executed or delivered
any proxy or entered into any other voting agreement or similar arrangement
other than one which has expired or terminated prior to the date hereof,
and (b) such Key Holder has full power and capacity to execute, deliver and
perform this Agreement, which has been duly executed and delivered by, and
evidences the valid and binding obligation of, such Key Holder enforceable
in accordance with its terms.


3.2    Further Action. If and whenever any Key Holder Shares are sold, the
Key Holders or the personal representative of the Key Holders shall do all
things and execute and deliver all documents and make all transfers, and
cause any transferee of the Key Holder Shares to do all things and execute
and deliver all documents, as may be necessary to consummate such sale
consistent with this Agreement.


3.3    Specific Performance. The parties hereto hereby declare that it is
impossible to measure in money the damages which will accrue to a party
hereto or to their heirs, personal representatives, or assigns by reason of
a failure to perform any of the obligations under this Agreement and agree
that the terms of this Agreement shall be specifically enforceable. If any
party hereto or his heirs, personal representatives, or assigns institutes
any action or proceeding to specifically enforce the provisions hereof, any
person against whom such action or proceeding is brought hereby waives the
claim or defense therein that such party or such personal representative
has an adequate remedy at law, and such person shall not offer in any such
action or proceeding the claim or defense that such remedy at law exists.


3.4    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of [DELAWARE],
and shall be binding upon the parties hereto in the United States and
worldwide. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of any federal or state court within [DENVER]
County, State of [COLORADO] in connection with any matter based upon or
arising out of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein or any
other matter relating to the equity interests of the Investors in the
Company (whether based on breach of contract, tort, breach of duty or any
other theory), agrees that process may be served upon it in any manner
authorized by the laws of the State of [COLORADO] for such persons and
waives and covenants not to assert or plead any objection that they might
otherwise have to jurisdiction, venue and such process. Each party agrees
not to commence any legal proceedings based upon or arising out of this
Agreement or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating
to the equity interests of the Investors in the Company (whether based on
breach of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory) except in
such courts.


3.5    Amendment or Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or modified (or
provisions of this Agreement waived) only upon the written consent of
(a) the Company and (b) the Requisite Holders; provided, however, that for
so long as Foundry has the right to designate a director for election to
the Board pursuant to Section 1.2(a), Section 1.2(a) and the provisions of
this Agreement that enable Section 1.2(a) shall not be amended, modified or
waived without the written consent of Foundry. Any amendment or waiver so
effected shall be binding upon the Company, each of the parties hereto and
any assignee of any such party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this
Agreement and the exhibits hereto may be amended to add additional holders
of Common Stock or Preferred Stock as “Key Holders” or “Investors”
hereunder by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and such
holders.


3.6   Severability. In the event one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.


3.7    Successors and Assigns. The provisions hereof shall inure to the
benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties hereto and their respective
successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators and other legal
representatives.


3.8    Additional Shares. In the event that subsequent to the date of this
Agreement any shares or other securities are issued on, or in exchange for,
any of the Key Holder Shares or Investor Shares by reason of any stock
dividend, stock split, combination of shares, reclassification or the like,
such shares or securities shall be deemed to be Key Holder Shares or
Investor Shares, as the case may be, for purposes of this Agreement.


3.9    Additional Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, if the Company shall issue additional shares of its
Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, any purchaser of such
shares of Preferred Stock shall become a party to this Agreement by
executing and delivering an additional counterpart signature page to this
Agreement and shall be deemed an “Investor” and a party hereunder.


3.10    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one instrument.


3.11    Waiver. No waivers of any breach of this Agreement extended by any
party hereto to any other party shall be construed as a waiver of any
rights or remedies of any other party hereto or with respect to any
subsequent breach.


3.12    Delays or Omissions. It is agreed that no delay or omission to
exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party, upon any breach,
default or noncompliance by another party under this Agreement shall impair
any such right, power or remedy, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver
of any such breach, default or noncompliance, or any acquiescence therein,
or of or in any similar breach, default or noncompliance thereafter
occurring. It is further agreed that any waiver, permit, consent or
approval of any kind or character on any party’s part of any breach,
default or noncompliance under this Agreement or any waiver on such party’s
part of any provisions or conditions of the Agreement must be in writing
and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in such
writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement by law, or otherwise
afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.


3.13    Costs and Attorney’s Fees. In the event that any action, suit or
other proceeding is instituted based upon or arising out of this Agreement
or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating to the
equity interests of the Investors in the Company (whether based on breach
of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory), the prevailing
party shall recover all of such party's costs (including, but not limited
to expert witness costs) and reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in each
such action, suit or other proceeding, including any and all appeals or
petitions therefrom.


3.14    Notices. All notices required in connection with this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon
personal delivery to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed
electronic mail or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the
recipient; if not, then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after
having been sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, or (d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally
recognized overnight courier, specifying next day delivery, with written
notification of receipt. All communications shall be sent to the address
appearing on the books of the Company or at such other address or
electronic mail address as such party may designate by 10 days advance
written notice to the other parties hereto.


3.15    Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto, along
with the Purchase Agreement and the other documents delivered pursuant
thereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between
the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and thereof and no party
shall be liable or bound to any other in any manner by any oral or written
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements except as
specifically set forth herein and therein. Each party expressly represents
and warrants that it is not relying on any oral or written representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements outside of this Agreement.


 In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have executed this Voting Agreement
                    as of the date first above written. 


                                  Exhibit A


                             LIST OF KEY HOLDERS


                                [[Founder 1]]


                                [[Founder 2]]


 


 


                                  Exhibit B


                              LIST OF INVESTORS


                                  [FOUNDRY]

