

              AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION


                                     OF


                              [COMPANY] , INC.


[COMPANY] hereby certifies that:


ONE: The date of filing the original Certificate of Incorporation of this
company with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware was [FILING
DATE].


TWO: He is the duly elected and acting President of [COMPANY], a [DELAWARE]
corporation.


THREE: The Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation is hereby
amended and restated to read as follows:


The name of this company is [COMPANY] , Inc. (the “Company” or the
“Corporation”).


The address of the registered office of the corporation in the State of
[DELAWARE] is


1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE 19801, County of New Castle,


and the name of the registered agent of the corporation in the State of
[DELAWARE] at such address is [THE CORPORATION TRUST COMPANY].


The purpose of the Company is to engage in any lawful act or activity for
which a corporation may be organized under the Delaware General Corporation
Law (“DGCL”).


A.    The Company is authorized to issue two classes of stock to be
designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total
number of shares that the Company is authorized to issue is [TOTAL SHARES]
shares, [COMMON SHARES NUMBER] shares of which shall be Common Stock (the
“Common Stock”) and [PREFERRED SHARES NUMBER] shares of which shall be
Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”). The Preferred Stock shall have a
par value of $[0.001] per share and the Common Stock shall have a par value
of $0.001 per share.


B.    The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or
decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
stock of the Company entitled to vote (voting together as a single class on
an as-if-converted basis).


C.    [PREFERRED SHARES NUMBER] of the authorized shares of Preferred Stock
are hereby designated “Series A Preferred Stock” (the “Series Preferred”).


D.    The rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and other matters
relating to the Series Preferred are as follows:


1.    Dividend Rights.


(a)    Holders of Series Preferred, in preference to the holders of Common
Stock, shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the board
of directors of the Company (the “Board”), but only out of funds that are
legally available therefor, cash dividends at the rate of six percent (6%)
of the Original Issue Price (as defined below) per annum on each
outstanding share of Series Preferred. Such dividends shall be payable only
when, as and if declared by the Board and shall be non-cumulative.


(b)    The “Original Issue Price” of the Series Preferred shall be
$[PREFERRED PRICE] (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,
splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares after
the filing date hereof).


(c)    So long as any shares of Series Preferred are outstanding, the
Company shall not pay or declare any dividend, whether in cash or property,
or make any other distribution on the Common Stock, or purchase, redeem or
otherwise acquire for value any shares of Common Stock until all dividends
as set forth in Section 1(a) above on the Series Preferred shall have been
paid or declared an set apart, except for:


(i)    acquisitions of Common Stock by the Company pursuant to agreements
that permit the Company to repurchase such shares at cost (or the lesser of
cost or fair market value) upon termination of services to the Company;


(ii)    acquisitions of Common Stock in exercise of the Company’s right of
first refusal to repurchase such shares; or


(iii)    distributions to holders of Common Stock in accordance with
Sections 3 and 4.


(d)    In the event dividends are paid on any share of Common Stock, the
Company shall pay an additional dividend on all outstanding shares of
Series Preferred in a per share amount equal (on an as-if-converted to
Common Stock basis) to the amount paid or set aside for each share of
Common Stock.


(e)    The provisions of Sections 1(c) and 1(d) shall not apply to a
dividend payable solely in Common Stock to which the provisions of Section
5(f) hereof are applicable, or any repurchase of any outstanding securities
of the Company that is approved by (i) the Board and (ii) the Series
Preferred as may be required by this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation.


2.    Voting Rights.


(a)    General Rights. Each holder of shares of the Series Preferred shall
be entitled to the number of votes equal to the number of shares of Common
Stock into which such shares of Series Preferred could be converted
(pursuant to Section 5 hereof) immediately after the close of business on
the record date fixed for such meeting or the effective date of such
written consent and shall have voting rights and powers equal to the voting
rights and powers of the Common Stock and shall be entitled to notice of
any stockholders’ meeting in accordance with the bylaws of the Company.
Except as otherwise provided herein or as required by law, the Series
Preferred shall vote together with the Common Stock at any annual or
special meeting of the stockholders and not as a separate class, and may
act by written consent in the same manner as the Common Stock.


(b)    Separate Vote of Series Preferred. For so long as any shares of
Series Preferred remain outstanding, in addition to any other vote or
consent required herein or by law, the vote or written consent of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding Series Preferred shall be
necessary for effecting or validating the following actions (whether by
merger, recapitalization or otherwise):


(i)    Any amendment, alteration, or repeal of any provision of the
Certificate of Incorporation or the Bylaws of the Company (including any
filing of a Certificate of Designation);


(ii)    Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of shares of
Common Stock or Preferred Stock;


(iii)    Any authorization or any designation, whether by reclassification
or otherwise, of any new class or series of stock or any other securities
convertible into equity securities of the Company ranking on a parity with
or senior to the Series Preferred in right of redemption, liquidation
preference, voting or dividend rights or any increase in the authorized or
designated number of any such new class or series;


(iv)    Any redemption, repurchase, payment or declaration of dividends or
other distributions with respect to Common Stock or Preferred Stock other
than (A) dividends required pursuant to Section 1 hereof and (B) as
permitted by Section 1(c) hereof;


(v)    Any agreement by the Company or its stockholders regarding an Asset
Transfer or Acquisition (each as defined in Section 4 hereof);


(vi)    Any voluntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company or voluntary petition for bankruptcy or assignment for the
benefit of creditors;


(vii)    Any exclusive license, lease, sale, distribution or other
disposition of the Company’s intellectual property outside the ordinary
course of business;


(viii)     Any creation or authorization of the creation of any debt
security if the Company’s aggregate indebtedness for borrowed money
(excluding accrued interest) would exceed $100,000 (excluding ordinary
course vendor and supplier financing and non-debt obligations under
customer contracts and strategic partnerships); or


(ix)    Any increase or decrease in the authorized number of members of the
Board.


(c)    Election of Board of Directors.


(i)    The holders of Series Preferred, voting as a separate class, shall
be entitled to elect one (1) member of the Board at each meeting or
pursuant to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of
directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy
caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors (the “Series
A Director”).


(ii)    The holders of Common Stock, voting as a separate class, shall be
entitled to elect two (2) members of the Board at each meeting or pursuant
to each consent of the Company’s stockholders for the election of
directors, and to remove from office such directors and to fill any vacancy
caused by the resignation, death or removal of such directors.


(iii)    Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 223(a)(1) and 223(a)(2)
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, any vacancy, including newly
created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number
of directors or amendment of this Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, and vacancies created by removal or resignation of a
director, may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office,
though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the
directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and
until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner
displaced; provided, however, that where such vacancy occurs among the
directors elected by the holders of a class or series of stock, the holders
of shares of such class or series may override the Board of Directors’
action to fill such vacancy by (i) voting for their own designee to fill
such vacancy at a meeting of the Company’s stockholders or (ii) written
consent, if the consenting stockholders hold a sufficient number of shares
to elect their designee at a meeting of the stockholders in which all
members of such class or series are present and voted. Any director may be
removed during his or her term of office without cause, by, and only by,
the affirmative vote of the holders of the shares of the class or series of
stock entitled to elect such director or directors, given either at a
special meeting of such stockholders duly called for that purpose or
pursuant to a written consent of stockholders, and any vacancy thereby
created may be filled by the holders of that class or series of stock
represented at the meeting or pursuant to written consent. At any meeting
held for the purpose of electing a director, the presence in person or by
proxy of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of the class
or series entitled to elect such director shall constitute a quorum for the
purpose of electing such director.


3.    Liquidation Rights.


(a)    Upon any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the Company,
whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation Event”), before any
distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Common Stock,
the holders of Series Preferred shall be entitled to be paid out of the
assets of the Company legally available for distribution (or the
consideration received by the Company or its stockholders in an
Acquisition) for each share of Series Preferred held by them, an amount per
share of Series Preferred equal to the Original Issue Price plus all
declared and unpaid dividends on the Series Preferred. If, upon any such
Liquidation Event, the assets of the Company shall be insufficient to make
payment in full to all holders of Series Preferred of the liquidation
preference set forth in this Section 3(a), then such assets (or
consideration) shall be distributed among the holders of Series Preferred
at the time outstanding, ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which
they would otherwise be respectively entitled.


(b)    After the payment of the full liquidation preference of the Series
Preferred as set forth in Section 3(a) above, the remaining assets of the
Company legally available for distribution (or the consideration received
by the Company or its stockholders in an Acquisition), if any, shall be
distributed ratably to the holders of the Common Stock.


4.    Asset Transfer or Acquisition Rights.


(a)    In the event that the Company is a party to an Acquisition or Asset
Transfer (as hereinafter defined), then each holder of Series Preferred
shall be entitled to receive, for each share of Series Preferred then held,
out of the proceeds of such Acquisition or Asset Transfer, the greater of
(i) the amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder
would be entitled to receive in a Liquidation Event pursuant to Section
3(a) (without giving effect to this Section 4(a)) and (ii) the amount of
cash, securities or other property to which such holder would be entitled
to receive in a Liquidation Event with respect to such shares if such
shares had been converted to Common Stock immediately prior to such
Acquisition or Asset Transfer[, giving effect to this Section 4(a) with
respect to all series of Preferred Stock simultaneously].


(b)    For the purposes of this Section 4: (i) “Acquisition” shall mean (A)
any consolidation or merger of the Company with or into any other
corporation or other entity or person, or any other corporate
reorganization, other than any such consolidation, merger or reorganization
in which the stockholders of the Company immediately prior to such
consolidation, merger or reorganization, continue to hold a majority of the
voting power of the surviving entity in substantially the same proportions
(or, if the surviving entity is a wholly owned subsidiary, its parent)
immediately after such consolidation, merger or reorganization; or (B) any
transaction or series of related transactions to which the Company is a
party in which in excess of 50% of the Company’s voting power is
transferred; provided, that, an Acquisition shall not include any
transaction or series of transactions principally for bona fide equity
financing purposes in which cash is received by the Company or any
successor or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a
combination thereof; and (ii) “Asset Transfer” shall mean a sale, lease,
exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company.


(c)    In any Acquisition or Asset Transfer, if the consideration to be
received is securities of a corporation or other property other than cash,
its value will be deemed its fair market value as determined in good faith
by the Board on the date such determination is made.


5.    Conversion Rights.


The holders of the Series Preferred shall have the following rights with
respect to the conversion of the Series Preferred into shares of Common
Stock (the “Conversion Rights”):


(a)    Optional Conversion. Subject to and in compliance with the
provisions of this Section 5, any shares of Series Preferred may, at the
option of the holder, be converted at any time into fully-paid and
nonassessable shares of Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock
to which a holder of Series Preferred shall be entitled upon conversion
shall be the product obtained by multiplying the “Series Preferred
Conversion Rate” then in effect (determined as provided in Section 5(b)) by
the number of shares of Series Preferred being converted.


(b)    Series Preferred Conversion Rate. The conversion rate in effect at
any time for conversion of the Series Preferred (the “Series Preferred
Conversion Rate”) shall be the quotient obtained by dividing the Original
Issue Price of the Series Preferred by the “Series Preferred Conversion
Price,” calculated as provided in Section 5(c).


(c)    Series Preferred Conversion Price. The conversion price for the
Series Preferred shall initially be the Original Issue Price of the Series
Preferred (the “Series Preferred Conversion Price”). Such initial Series
Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted from time to time in
accordance with this Section 5. All references to the Series Preferred
Conversion Price herein shall mean the Series Preferred Conversion Price as
so adjusted.


(d)    Mechanics of Conversion. Each holder of Series Preferred who desires
to convert the same into shares of Common Stock pursuant to this Section 5
shall surrender the certificate or certificates therefor, duly endorsed, at
the office of the Company or any transfer agent for the Series Preferred,
and shall give written notice to the Company at such office that such
holder elects to convert the same. Such notice shall state the number of
shares of Series Preferred being converted. Thereupon, the Company shall
promptly issue and deliver at such office to such holder a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which such holder
is entitled and shall promptly pay (i) in cash or, to the extent sufficient
funds are not then legally available therefor, in Common Stock (at the
Common Stock’s fair market value determined by the Board as of the date of
such conversion), any declared and unpaid dividends on the shares of Series
Preferred being converted and (ii) in cash (at the Common Stock’s fair
market value determined by the Board as of the date of conversion) the
value of any fractional share of Common Stock otherwise issuable to any
holder of Series Preferred. Such conversion shall be deemed to have been
made at the close of business on the date of such surrender of the
certificates representing the shares of Series Preferred to be converted,
and the person entitled to receive the shares of Common Stock issuable upon
such conversion shall be treated for all purposes as the record holder of
such shares of Common Stock on such date.


(e)    Adjustment for Stock Splits and Combinations. If at any time or from
time to time on or after the date that the first share of Series Preferred
is issued (the “Original Issue Date”) the Company effects a subdivision of
the outstanding Common Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Price in
effect immediately before that subdivision shall be proportionately
decreased. Conversely, if at any time or from time to time after the
Original Issue Date the Company combines the outstanding shares of Common
Stock into a smaller number of shares, the Series Preferred Conversion
Price in effect immediately before the combination shall be proportionately
increased. Any adjustment under this Section 5(e) shall become effective at
the close of business on the date the subdivision or combination becomes
effective.


(f)    Adjustment for Common Stock Dividends and Distributions. If at any
time or from time to time on or after the Original Issue Date the Company
pays to holders of Common Stock a dividend or other distribution in
additional shares of Common Stock, the Series Preferred Conversion Price
then in effect shall be decreased as of the time of such issuance, as
provided below:


(i)    The Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be adjusted by
multiplying the Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect by a
fraction equal to:


(A)    the numerator of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance, and


(B)    the denominator of which is the total number of shares of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance
plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such
dividend or distribution;


(ii)    If the Company fixes a record date to determine which holders of
Common Stock are entitled to receive such dividend or other distribution,
the Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be fixed as of the close of
business on such record date and the number of shares of Common Stock shall
be calculated immediately prior to the close of business on such record
date; and


(iii)    If such record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid
or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the
Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be recomputed accordingly as of the
close of business on such record date and thereafter the Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be adjusted pursuant to this Section 5(f) to reflect
the actual payment of such dividend or distribution.


(g)    Adjustment for Reclassification, Exchange, Substitution,
Reorganization, Merger or Consolidation. If at any time or from time to
time on or after the Original Issue Date the Common Stock issuable upon the
conversion of the Series Preferred is changed into the same or a different
number of shares of any class or classes of stock, whether by
recapitalization, reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise
(other than an Acquisition or a subdivision or combination of shares or
stock dividend provided for elsewhere in this Section 5), in any such event
each holder of Series Preferred shall then have the right to convert such
stock into the kind and amount of stock and other securities and property
receivable upon such recapitalization, reclassification, merger,
consolidation or other change by holders of the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock into which such shares of Series Preferred could have been
converted immediately prior to such recapitalization, reclassification,
merger, consolidation or change, all subject to further adjustment as
provided herein or with respect to such other securities or property by the
terms thereof. In any such case, appropriate adjustment shall be made in
the application of the provisions of this Section 5 with respect to the
rights of the holders of Series Preferred after the capital reorganization
to the end that the provisions of this Section 5 (including adjustment of
the Series Preferred Conversion Price then in effect and the number of
shares issuable upon conversion of the Series Preferred) shall be
applicable after that event and be as nearly equivalent as practicable.


(h)    Sale of Shares Below Series Preferred Conversion Price.


(i)    If at any time or from time to time on or after the Original Issue
Date the Company issues or sells, or is deemed by the express provisions of
this Section 5(h) to have issued or sold, Additional Shares of Common Stock
(as defined below), other than as provided in Section 5(e), 5(f) or 5(g)
above, for an Effective Price (as defined below) less than the then
effective Series Preferred Conversion Price (a “Qualifying Dilutive
Issuance”), then and in each such case, the then existing Series Preferred
Conversion Price shall be reduced, as of the opening of business on the
date of such issue or sale, to a price determined by multiplying the Series
Preferred Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or
sale by a fraction equal to:


(A)    the numerator of which shall be (A) the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately prior to such
issue or sale, plus (B) the number of shares of Common Stock that the
Aggregate Consideration (as defined below) received or deemed received by
the Company for the total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock so
issued would purchase at such then-existing Series Preferred Conversion
Price, and


(B)    the denominator of which shall be the sum of (A) the number of
shares of Common Stock deemed outstanding (as determined below) immediately
prior to such issue or sale plus (B) the total number of Additional Shares
of Common Stock so issued.


For the purposes of the preceding sentence, the number of shares of Common
Stock deemed to be outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of (A)
the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding, (B) the number of shares
of Common Stock into which the then outstanding shares of Series Preferred
could be converted if fully converted on the day immediately preceding the
given date, and (C) the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable
upon the exercise or conversion of all other rights, options and
convertible securities outstanding on the day immediately preceding the
given date.


(ii)    No adjustment shall be made to the Series Preferred Conversion
Price in an amount less than one percent (1%) of the Series Preferred
Conversion Price then in effect. Any adjustment otherwise required by this
Section 5(h) that is not required to be made due to the first sentence of
this subsection (ii) shall be included in any subsequent adjustment to the
Series Preferred Conversion Price. Any adjustment required by this Section
5(h) shall be rounded to the first decimal for which such rounding
represents less than one percent (1%) of the Series Preferred Conversion
Price in effect after such adjustment.


(iii)    For the purpose of making any adjustment required under this
Section 5(h), the aggregate consideration received by the Company for any
issue or sale of securities (the “Aggregate Consideration”) shall be
defined as: (A) to the extent it consists of cash, the gross amount of cash
received by the Company before deduction of any underwriting or similar
commissions, compensation or concessions paid or allowed by the Company in
connection with such issue or sale and without deduction of any expenses
payable by the Company, (B) to the extent it consists of property other
than cash, the fair market value of that property as determined in good
faith by the Board, and (C) if Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities (as defined below) or rights or options to purchase
either Additional Shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities are
issued or sold together with other stock or securities or other assets of
the Company for a consideration that covers both, the portion of the
consideration so received that may be reasonably determined in good faith
by the Board to be allocable to such Additional Shares of Common Stock,
Convertible Securities or rights or options.


(iv)    For the purpose of the adjustment required under this Section 5(h),
if the Company issues or sells (x) Preferred Stock or other stock, options,
warrants, purchase rights or other securities exercisable for or
convertible into, Additional Shares of Common Stock (such convertible stock
or securities being herein referred to as “Convertible Securities”) or (y)
rights or options for the purchase of Additional Shares of Common Stock or
Convertible Securities and if the Effective Price of such Additional Shares
of Common Stock is less than the Series Preferred Conversion Price, in each
case the Company shall be deemed to have issued at the time of the issuance
of such rights or options or Convertible Securities the maximum number of
Additional Shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise or conversion
thereof and to have received as consideration for the issuance of such
shares an amount equal to the total amount of the consideration, if any,
received by the Company for the issuance of such rights or options or
Convertible Securities plus:


(A)    in the case of such rights or options, the minimum amounts of
consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the exercise of such
rights or options; and


(B)    in the case of Convertible Securities, the minimum amounts of
consideration, if any, payable to the Company upon the conversion thereof
(other than by cancellation of liabilities or obligations evidenced by such
Convertible Securities); provided that if the minimum amounts of such
consideration cannot be ascertained, but are a function of antidilution or
similar protective clauses, the Company shall be deemed to have received
the minimum amounts of consideration without reference to such clauses.


(C)    If the minimum amount of consideration payable to the Company upon
the exercise or conversion of rights, options or Convertible Securities is
reduced over time or on the occurrence or non-occurrence of specified
events other than by reason of antidilution adjustments, the Effective
Price shall be recalculated using the figure to which such minimum amount
of consideration is reduced; provided further, that if the minimum amount
of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or conversion of
such rights, options or Convertible Securities is subsequently increased,
the Effective Price shall be again recalculated using the increased minimum
amount of consideration payable to the Company upon the exercise or
conversion of such rights, options or Convertible Securities.


(D)    No further adjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Price, as
adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or Convertible
Securities, shall be made as a result of the actual issuance of Additional
Shares of Common Stock or the exercise of any such rights or options or the
conversion of any such Convertible Securities. If any such rights or
options or the conversion privilege represented by any such Convertible
Securities shall expire without having been exercised, the Series Preferred
Conversion Price as adjusted upon the issuance of such rights, options or
Convertible Securities shall be readjusted to the Series Preferred
Conversion Price which would have been in effect had an adjustment been
made on the basis that the only Additional Shares of Common Stock so issued
were the Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any, actually issued or sold
on the exercise of such rights or options or rights of conversion of such
Convertible Securities, and such Additional Shares of Common Stock, if any,
were issued or sold for the consideration actually received by the Company
upon such exercise, plus the consideration, if any, actually received by
the Company for the granting of all such rights or options, whether or not
exercised, plus the consideration received for issuing or selling the
Convertible Securities actually converted, plus the consideration, if any,
actually received by the Company (other than by cancellation of liabilities
or obligations evidenced by such Convertible Securities) on the conversion
of such Convertible Securities, provided that such readjustment shall not
apply to prior conversions of Series Preferred.


(v)    For the purpose of making any adjustment to the Conversion Price of
the Series Preferred required under this Section 5(h), “Additional Shares
of Common Stock” shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the
Company or deemed to be issued pursuant to this Section 5(h) (including
shares of Common Stock subsequently reacquired or retired by the Company),
other than:


(a)    shares of Common Stock issued upon conversion of the Series
Preferred;


(b)    shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued after the
Original Issue Date to employees, officers or directors of, or consultants
or advisors to the Company or any subsidiary pursuant to stock purchase or
stock option plans or other arrangements that are approved by the Board;


(c)    shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to the exercise of
Convertible Securities outstanding as of the Original Issue Date;


(d)    shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued for
consideration other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation,
acquisition, strategic alliance or similar business combination approved by
the Board;


(e)    shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities issued pursuant to
any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property leasing
arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial institution
approved by the Board; and


(f)    shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities with respect to
which the holders of a majority of the outstanding Series Preferred elect
in writing to exclude from the definition of “Additional Shares of Common
Stock” for purposes of this Section 5.


References to Common Stock in the subsections of this clause (v) above
shall mean all shares of Common Stock issued by the Company or deemed to be
issued pursuant to this Section 5(h). The “Effective Price” of Additional
Shares of Common Stock shall mean the quotient determined by dividing the
total number of Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold, or deemed
to have been issued or sold by the Company under this Section 5(h), into
the Aggregate Consideration received, or deemed to have been received by
the Company for such issue under this Section 5(h), for such Additional
Shares of Common Stock. In the event that the number of shares of
Additional Shares of Common Stock or the Effective Price cannot be
ascertained at the time of issuance, such Additional Shares of Common Stock
shall be deemed issued immediately upon the occurrence of the first event
that makes such number of shares or the Effective Price, as applicable,
ascertainable.


(vi)    In the event that the Company issues or sells, or is deemed to have
issued or sold, Additional shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive
Issuance (the “First Dilutive Issuance”), then in the event that the
Company issues or sells, or is deemed to have issued or sold, Additional
Shares of Common Stock in a Qualifying Dilutive Issuance other than the
First Dilutive Issuance as a part of the same transaction or series of
related transactions as the First Dilutive Issuance (a “Subsequent Dilutive
Issuance”), then and in each such case upon a Subsequent Dilutive Issuance
the Series Preferred Conversion Price shall be reduced to the Series
Preferred Conversion Price that would have been in effect had the First
Dilutive Issuance and each Subsequent Dilutive Issuance all occurred on the
closing date of the First Dilutive Issuance.


(i)    Certificate of Adjustment. In each case of an adjustment or
readjustment of the Series Preferred Conversion Price for the number of
shares of Common Stock or other securities issuable upon conversion of the
Series Preferred, if the Series Preferred is then convertible pursuant to
this Section 5, the Company, at its expense, shall compute such adjustment
or readjustment in accordance with the provisions hereof and shall, upon
request, prepare a certificate showing such adjustment or readjustment, and
shall mail such certificate, by first class mail, postage prepaid, to each
registered holder of Series Preferred so requesting at the holder’s address
as shown in the Company’s books. The certificate shall set forth such
adjustment or readjustment, showing in detail the facts upon which such
adjustment or readjustment is based, including a statement of (i) the
consideration received or deemed to be received by the Company for any
Additional Shares of Common Stock issued or sold or deemed to have been
issued or sold, (ii) the Series Preferred Conversion Price at the time in
effect, (iii) the number of Additional Shares of Common Stock and (iv) the
type and amount, if any, of other property which at the time would be
received upon conversion of the Series Preferred. Failure to request or
provide such notice shall have no effect on any such adjustment.


(j)    Notices of Record Date. Upon (i) any taking by the Company of a
record of the holders of any class of securities for the purpose of
determining the holders thereof who are entitled to receive any dividend or
other distribution, or (ii) any Acquisition (as defined in Section 4) or
other capital reorganization of the Company, any reclassification or
recapitalization of the capital stock of the Company, any merger or
consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation, or any
Asset Transfer (as defined in Section 4), or any voluntary or involuntary
dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the Company shall
mail to each holder of Series Preferred at least ten (10) days prior to (x)
the record date, if any, specified therein; or (y) if no record date is
specified, the date upon which such action is to take effect (or, in either
case, such shorter period approved by the holders of a majority of the
outstanding Series Preferred) a notice specifying (A) the date on which any
such record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend or distribution
and a description of such dividend or distribution, (B) the date on which
any such Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer,
consolidation, merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding
up is expected to become effective, and (C) the date, if any, that is to be
fixed as to when the holders of record of Common Stock (or other
securities) shall be entitled to exchange their shares of Common Stock (or
other securities) for securities or other property deliverable upon such
Acquisition, reorganization, reclassification, transfer, consolidation,
merger, Asset Transfer, dissolution, liquidation or winding up.


(k)    Automatic Conversion.


(i)    Each share of Series Preferred shall automatically be converted into
shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series Preferred
Conversion Price, immediately upon the closing of a firmly underwritten
public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, covering the offer and sale of Common
Stock for the account of the Company in which the gross cash proceeds to
the Company (before underwriting discounts, commissions and fees) are at
least $25,000,000. Upon such automatic conversion, any declared and unpaid
dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of Section 5(d).
All or a portion of the shares of Series Preferred shall automatically be
converted into shares of Common Stock, based on the then-effective Series
Preferred Conversion Price, at any time upon the affirmative election of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series Preferred. If
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series Preferred
elect to convert a portion of each holder’s shares of Series Preferred
(rather than all such shares), such election shall set forth the percentage
of shares of Series Preferred to be converted, which percentage must be the
same for all holders of Series Preferred. Upon such automatic conversion,
any declared and unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the
provisions of Section 4(d).


(ii)    Upon the occurrence of any of the events specified in Section
5(k)(i) above, the outstanding shares of Series Preferred shall be
converted automatically without any further action by the holders of such
shares and whether or not the certificates representing such shares are
surrendered to the Company or its transfer agent; provided, however, that
the Company shall not be obligated to issue certificates evidencing the
shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion unless the
certificates evidencing such shares of Series Preferred are either
delivered to the Company or its transfer agent as provided below, or the
holder notifies the Company or its transfer agent that such certificates
have been lost, stolen or destroyed and executes an agreement satisfactory
to the Company to indemnify the Company from any loss incurred by it in
connection with such certificates. Upon the occurrence of such automatic
conversion of the Series Preferred, the holders of Series Preferred shall
surrender the certificates representing such shares at the office of the
Company or any transfer agent for the Series Preferred. Thereupon, there
shall be issued and delivered to such holder promptly at such office and in
its name as shown on such surrendered certificate or certificates, a
certificate or certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock into
which the shares of Series Preferred surrendered were convertible on the
date on which such automatic conversion occurred, and any declared and
unpaid dividends shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of
Section 5(d).


(l)    Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be
issued upon conversion of Series Preferred. All shares of Common Stock
(including fractions thereof) issuable upon conversion of more than one
share of Series Preferred by a holder thereof shall be aggregated for
purposes of determining whether the conversion would result in the issuance
of any fractional share. If, after the aforementioned aggregation, the
conversion would result in the issuance of any fractional share, the
Company shall, in lieu of issuing any fractional share, pay cash equal to
the product of such fraction multiplied by the fair market value of one
share of Common Stock (as determined by the Board) on the date of
conversion.


(m)    Reservation of Stock Issuable Upon Conversion. The Company shall at
all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued
shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion
of the shares of the Series Preferred, such number of its shares of Common
Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of
all outstanding shares of the Series Preferred. If at any time the number
of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock shall not be sufficient
to effect the conversion of all then outstanding shares of the Series
Preferred, the Company will take such corporate action as may be necessary
to increase its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock to such
number of shares as shall be sufficient for such purpose.


(n)    Notices. Any notice required by the provisions of this Section 5
shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (i) upon
personal delivery to the party to be notified, (ii) when sent by confirmed
electronic mail or facsimile in compliance with the DGCL if sent during
normal business hours of the recipient; if not, then on the next business
day, (iii) five (5) days after having been sent by registered or certified
mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or (iv) one (1) day after
deposit with a nationally recognized overnight courier, specifying next day
delivery, with verification of receipt. All notices shall be addressed to
each holder of record at the address of such holder appearing on the books
of the Company.


(o)    Payment of Taxes. The Company will pay all taxes (other than taxes
based upon income) and other governmental charges that may be imposed with
respect to the issue or delivery of shares of Common Stock upon conversion
of shares of Series Preferred, excluding any tax or other charge imposed in
connection with any transfer involved in the issue and delivery of shares
of Common Stock in a name other than that in which the shares of Series
Preferred so converted were registered.


6.    No Reissuance Of Series Preferred.


No share or shares of Series Preferred acquired by the Company by reason of
redemption, purchase, conversion or otherwise shall be reissued.


A.    The liability of the directors of the Company for monetary damages
shall be eliminated to the fullest extent under applicable law.


B.    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Company is
authorized to provide indemnification of (and advancement of expenses to)
directors, officers and agents of the Company (and any other persons to
which applicable law permits the Company to provide indemnification)
through Bylaw provisions, agreements with such agents or other persons,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise in excess of
the indemnification and advancement otherwise permitted by Section 145 of
the DGCL. If the DGCL or any other law of the State of Delaware is amended
after approval by the stockholders of this Article V to authorize corporate
action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors,
then the liability of a director to the Company shall be eliminated or
limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended.


C.    Any repeal or modification of this Article V shall only be
prospective and shall not affect the rights or protections or increase the
liability of any director under this Article V in effect at the time of the
alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act giving rise to
liability.


D.    In the event that a member of the Board who is also a partner or
employee of an entity that is a holder of Preferred Stock and that is in
the business of investing and reinvesting in other entities, or an employee
of an entity that manages such an entity (each, a “Fund”) acquires
knowledge of a potential transaction or other matter in such individual’s
capacity as a partner or employee of the Fund or the manager or general
partner of the Fund (and other than directly in connection with such
individual’s service as a member of the Board) and that may be an
opportunity of interest for both the Company and such Fund (a “Corporate
Opportunity”), then the Company (a) renounces any expectancy that such
director or Fund offer an opportunity to participate in such Corporate
Opportunity to the Company and (b) to the fullest extent permitted by law,
waives any claim that such opportunity constituted a Corporate Opportunity
that should have been presented by such director or Fund to the Company or
any of its affiliates; provided, however, that such director acts in good
faith.


For the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of
the Company, and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the
powers of the Company, of its directors and of its stockholders or any
class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:


E.    The management of the business and the conduct of the affairs of the
Company shall be vested in its Board. The number of directors which shall
constitute the whole Board shall be fixed by the Board in the manner
provided in the Bylaws, subject to any restrictions which may be set forth
in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.


F.    The Board is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws
of the Company, subject to any restrictions that may be set forth in this
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The stockholders shall
also have the power to adopt, amend or repeal the Bylaws of the Company;
provided however, that, in addition to any vote of the holders of any class
or series of stock of the Company required by law or by this Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders
of a majority of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding shares of
the capital stock of the Company entitled to vote generally in the election
of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to
adopt, amend or repeal any provision of the Bylaws of the Company.


G.    The directors of the Company need not be elected by written ballot
unless the Bylaws so provide.


* * * *


FOUR: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation has been duly
approved by the Board.


FIVE: This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was approved
by the holders of the requisite number of shares of said corporation in
accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL. This Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation has been duly adopted in accordance with the
provisions of Sections 242 and 245 of the DGCL by the stockholders of the
Company.


In Witness Whereof, [COMPANY]. has caused this Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by its President.

