
                              [COMPANY] , INC.


                 SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


This Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made
and entered into as of [EFFECTIVE DATE], by and among [COMPANY] , Inc., a
[DELAWARE] corporation (the “Company”), and each of those persons and
entities, severally and not jointly, whose names are set forth on the
Schedule of Purchasers attached hereto as Exhibit A (which persons and
entities are hereinafter collectively referred to as “Purchasers” and each
individually as a “Purchaser”).


                                  Recitals


Whereas, the Company has authorized the sale and issuance of an aggregate
of [TOTAL SHARES NUMBER] shares of its Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Shares”);


Whereas, Purchasers desire to purchase the Shares on the terms and
conditions set forth herein; and


Whereas, the Company desires to issue and sell the Shares to Purchasers on
the terms and conditions set forth herein.


Agreement


Now, Therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual
promises, representations, warranties, and covenants hereinafter set forth
and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1.    Agreement To Sell And Purchase.


1.1    Authorization of Shares. The Company has authorized (a) the sale and
issuance to Purchasers of the Shares and (b) the issuance of such shares of
Common Stock to be issued upon conversion of the Shares (the “Conversion
Shares”). The Shares and the Conversion Shares have the rights,
preferences, privileges and restrictions set forth in the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit B (the “Restated Charter”).


1.2    Sale and Purchase. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at
the Closing (as hereinafter defined), the Company hereby agrees to issue
and sell to each Purchaser, and each Purchaser agrees to purchase from the
Company, severally and not jointly, the number of Shares set forth opposite
such Purchaser’s name on Exhibit A, at a purchase price of $[PURCHASE
PRICE] per share.


2.    Closing, Delivery And Payment.


2.1    Closing. The closing of the sale and purchase of the Shares under
this Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place at 10:00 a.m. on the date
hereof, at the offices of [COMPANY] in


[COMPANY ADDRESS]


or at such other time or place as the Company and Purchasers may mutually
agree (such date is hereinafter referred to as the “Closing Date”).


2.2    Delivery. At the Closing, subject to the terms and conditions
hereof, the Company will deliver to each Purchaser a certificate
representing the number of Shares to be purchased at the Closing by such
Purchaser, against payment of the purchase price therefor by check, wire
transfer made payable to the order of the Company, cancellation or
conversion of indebtedness or any combination of the foregoing. In the
event that payment by a Purchaser is made, in whole or in part, by
cancellation or conversion of indebtedness, then such Purchaser shall
surrender to the Company for cancellation or conversion at the Closing any
evidence of such indebtedness or shall execute an instrument of
cancellation or conversion in form and substance acceptable to the Company.
In addition, the Company at the Closing shall deliver to any Purchaser
choosing to pay any part of the purchase price of the Series A Preferred
Stock by cancellation or conversion of indebtedness a check in the amount
of any interest on such indebtedness through the Closing not being
converted.


3.    Representations And Warranties Of The Company.


Except as set forth on a Schedule of Exceptions delivered by the Company to
Purchasers at the Closing, the Company hereby represents and warrants to
each Purchaser as of the date of this Agreement as set forth below.


3.1    Organization, Good Standing and Qualification. The Company is a
corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the
laws of the State of Delaware. The Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to own and operate its properties and assets, to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the Investor Rights Agreement in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Investor Rights Agreement”), the Co-
Sale Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (the “Co-Sale
Agreement”), the Voting Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E
(the “Voting Agreement”) and the Management Rights Letter in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit F (collectively, the “Related Agreements”), to
issue and sell the Shares and the Conversion Shares, and to carry out the
provisions of this Agreement, the Related Agreements and the Restated
Charter and to carry on its business as presently conducted and as
presently proposed to be conducted. The Company is duly qualified to do
business and is in good standing as a foreign corporation in all
jurisdictions in which the nature of its activities and of its properties
(both owned and leased) makes such qualification necessary, except for
those jurisdictions in which failure to do so would not have a material
adverse effect on the Company or its business.


3.2    Subsidiaries. The Company does not own or control any equity
security or other interest of any other corporation, partnership, limited
liability company or other business entity. The Company is not a
participant in any joint venture, partnership, limited liability company or
similar arrangement. Since its inception, the Company has not consolidated
or merged with, acquired all or substantially all of the assets of, or
acquired the stock of or any interest in any corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other business entity.


3.3    Capitalization; Voting Rights.


(a)    The authorized capital stock of the Company, immediately prior to
the Closing, consists of (i) [COMMON SHARES NUMBER] shares of Common Stock,
[ISSUED SHARES] shares of which are issued and outstanding, and
(ii) [PREFERRED SHARES NUMBER] shares of Preferred Stock, all of which are
designated Series A Preferred Stock, none of which are issued and
outstanding.


(b)    Under the Company’s [PLAN YEAR] Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”),
(i) no shares have been issued pursuant to restricted stock purchase
agreements and/or the exercise of outstanding options, (ii) no options have
been granted and are currently outstanding and (iii) [AVAILABLE SHARES]
shares of Common Stock remain available for future issuance to officers,
directors, employees and consultants of the Company. The Company has not
made any representations regarding equity incentives to any officer,
employee, director or consultant that are inconsistent with the share
amounts and terms set forth in the Company’s board minutes.


(c)    Other than the shares reserved for issuance under the Plan and
except as may be granted pursuant to this Agreement and the Related
Agreements, there are no outstanding options, warrants, rights (including
conversion or preemptive rights and rights of first refusal), proxy or
stockholder agreements or agreements of any kind for the purchase or
acquisition from the Company of any of its securities.


(d)    All issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock [and
Preferred Stock] (i) have been duly authorized and validly issued and are
fully paid and nonassessable, (ii) were issued in compliance with all
applicable state and federal laws concerning the issuance of securities;
and (iii) with respect to Common Stock only, are subject to a right of
first refusal in favor of the Company upon transfer.


(e)    The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the Shares
are as stated in the Restated Charter. Each outstanding series of Preferred
Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one basis as of the
date hereof and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder
will not result in any anti-dilution adjustment or other similar adjustment
to the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock. The Conversion Shares have
been duly and validly reserved for issuance. When issued in compliance with
the provisions of this Agreement and the Restated Charter, the Shares and
the Conversion Shares will be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable,
and will be free of any liens or encumbrances other than (i) liens and
encumbrances created by or imposed upon Purchasers and (ii) any right of
first refusal set forth in the Company’s Bylaws; provided, however, that
the Shares and the Conversion Shares may be subject to restrictions on
transfer under state and/or federal securities laws as set forth herein or
as otherwise required by such laws at the time a transfer is proposed. The
sale of the Shares and the subsequent conversion of the Shares into
Conversion Shares are not and will not be subject to any preemptive rights
or rights of first refusal that have not been properly waived or complied
with.


(f)    All options granted and Common Stock issued vest as follows: twenty-
five percent (25%) of the shares vest one (1) year following the vesting
commencement date, with the remaining seventy-five percent (75%) vesting in
equal monthly installments over the next three (3) years. No stock plan,
stock purchase, stock option or other agreement or understanding between
the Company and any holder of any equity securities or rights to purchase
equity securities provides for acceleration or other changes in the vesting
provisions or other terms of such agreement or understanding as the result
of (i) termination of employment or consulting services (whether actual or
constructive); (ii) any merger, consolidation sale of stock or assets,
change of control or any other transaction(s) by the Company; or (iii) the
occurrence of any other event of combination of events.


(g)    All outstanding shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock, and all
shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock issuable upon the exercise or
conversion of outstanding options, warrants or other exercisable or
convertible securities are subject to a market standoff or “lockup”
agreement of not less than 180 days following the Company’s initial public
offering.


3.4    Authorization; Binding Obligations. All corporate action on the part
of the Company, its officers, directors and stockholders necessary for the
authorization of this Agreement and the Related Agreements, the performance
of all obligations of the Company hereunder and thereunder at the Closing
and the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Shares pursuant
hereto and the Conversion Shares pursuant to the Restated Charter has been
taken. The Agreement and the Related Agreements, when executed and
delivered, will be valid and binding obligations of the Company enforceable
in accordance with their terms, except (a) as limited by applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors’ rights, (b) general
principles of equity that restrict the availability of equitable remedies,
and (c) to the extent that the enforceability of the indemnification
provisions in the Investor Rights Agreement may be limited by applicable
laws.


3.5    [Financial Statements. The Company has made available to each
Purchaser (a) its [un]audited balance sheet as at [LAST BALANCE SHEET DATE]
and unaudited statement of income and cash flows for the 12 months ending
December 31, [LAST YEAR] and (b)] its unaudited balance sheet as at
[NEAREST DATE] (the “Statement Date”) and unaudited consolidated statement
of income and cash flows for the [NTH] month period ending on the Statement
Date (collectively, the “Financial Statements”). The Financial Statements,
together with the notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis
throughout the periods indicated, except as disclosed therein, and present
fairly the financial condition and position of the Company as of
December 31, [LAST YEAR] and the Statement Date; provided, however, that
the unaudited financial statements are subject to normal recurring year-end
audit adjustments (which are not expected to be material either
individually or in the aggregate), and do not contain all footnotes
required under generally accepted accounting principles].


3.6    Liabilities. The Company has no material liabilities and, to the
best of its knowledge no material contingent liabilities, [not disclosed in
the Financial Statements], except current liabilities incurred in the
ordinary course of business that have not been, either in any individual
case or in the aggregate, materially adverse.


3.7    Agreements; Action.


(a)    Except for agreements explicitly contemplated hereby and agreements
between the Company and its employees with respect to the sale of the
Company’s outstanding Common Stock, there are no agreements, understandings
or proposed transactions between the Company and any of its officers,
directors, employees, affiliates or any affiliate thereof.


(b)    There are no agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts,
proposed transactions, judgments, orders, writs or decrees to which the
Company is a party or to its knowledge by which it is bound which may
involve (i) future obligations (contingent or otherwise) of, or payments
to, the Company in excess of $[Max Amount Due], or (ii) the transfer or
license of any patent, copyright, trade secret or other proprietary right
to or from the Company (other than licenses by the Company of “off the
shelf” or other standard products), or (iii) provisions restricting the
development, manufacture or distribution of the Company’s products or
services or (iv) indemnification by the Company with respect to
infringements of proprietary rights.


(c)    The Company has not (i) accrued, declared or paid any dividends, or
authorized or made any distribution upon or with respect to any class or
series of its capital stock, (ii) incurred or guaranteed any indebtedness
for money borrowed or any other liabilities (other than trade payables
incurred in the ordinary course of business) individually in excess of
$[MAX LIABILITIES] or, in the case of indebtedness and/or liabilities
individually less than $[Min Individual Liability], in excess of $[Max
Aggregate] in the aggregate, (iii) made any loans or advances to any
person, other than ordinary advances for travel expenses, or (iv) sold,
exchanged or otherwise disposed of any of its assets or rights, other than
the sale of its inventory in the ordinary course of business.


(d)    For the purposes of subsections (b) and (c) above, all indebtedness,
liabilities, agreements, understandings, instruments, contracts and
proposed transactions involving the same person or entity (including
persons or entities the Company has reason to believe are affiliated
therewith) shall be aggregated for the purpose of meeting the individual
minimum dollar amounts of such subsections.


3.8    Obligations to Related Parties. There are no obligations of the
Company to officers, directors, stockholders, or employees of the Company
other than (a) for current payment of salary for services rendered,
(b) reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred on behalf of the Company
and (c) for other standard employee benefits made generally available to
all employees (including stock option agreements outstanding under any
stock option plan approved by the Board of Directors of the Company). None
of the officers, directors or, to the best of the Company’s knowledge, key
employees or stockholders of the Company or any members of their immediate
families, is indebted to the Company or has any direct or indirect
ownership interest in any firm or corporation with which the Company is
affiliated or with which the Company has a business relationship, or any
firm or corporation that competes with the Company, other than (i) passive
investments in publicly traded companies (representing less than 1% of such
company) which may compete with the Company and (ii) investments by venture
capital funds with which directors of the Company may be affiliated and
service as a board member of a company in connection therewith due to a
person’s affiliation with a venture capital fund or similar institutional
investor in such company. No officer, director or stockholder, or any
member of their immediate families, is, directly or indirectly, interested
in any material contract with the Company (other than such contracts as
relate to any such person’s ownership of capital stock or other securities
of the Company).


3.9    [Changes. Since the Statement Date, there has not been to the
Company’s knowledge:


(a)    Any change in the assets, liabilities, financial condition,
prospects or operations of the Company from that reflected in the Financial
Statements, other than changes in the ordinary course of business, none of
which individually or in the aggregate has had or is reasonably expected to
have a material adverse effect on such assets, liabilities, financial
condition, prospects or operations of the Company;


(b)    Any resignation or termination of any officer, key employee or group
of employees of the Company;


(c)    Any material change, except in the ordinary course of business, in
the contingent obligations of the Company by way of guaranty, endorsement,
indemnity, warranty or otherwise;


(d)    Any damage, destruction or loss, whether or not covered by
insurance, materially and adversely affecting the properties, business or
prospects or financial condition of the Company;


(e)    Any waiver by the Company of a valuable right or of a material debt
owed to it;


(f)    Any material change in any compensation arrangement or agreement
with any employee, officer, director or stockholder;


(g)    Any labor organization activity related to the Company;


(h)    Any debt, obligation or liability incurred, assumed or guaranteed by
the Company, except those for immaterial amounts and for current
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business;


(i)    Any sale, assignment, or exclusive license or transfer of any
patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other intangible assets;


(j)    Any change in any material agreement to which the Company is a party
or by which it is bound which materially and adversely affects the
business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, operations or prospects
of the Company;


(k)    Any other event or condition of any character that, either
individually or cumulatively, has materially and adversely affected the
business, assets, liabilities, financial condition, prospects or operations
of the Company; or


(l)    Any arrangement or commitment by the Company to do any of the acts
described in subsection (a) through (k) above].


3.10    Title to Properties and Assets; Liens, Etc. The Company has good
and marketable title to its properties and assets and good title to its
leasehold estates, in each case subject to no mortgage, pledge, lien,
lease, encumbrance or charge, other than (a) those resulting from taxes
which have not yet become delinquent, (b) minor liens and encumbrances
which do not materially detract from the value of the property subject
thereto or materially impair the operations of the Company, and (c) those
that have otherwise arisen in the ordinary course of business.


3.11    Intellectual Property.


(a)    The Company owns or possesses sufficient legal rights to all
patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets,
licenses, information and other proprietary rights and processes necessary
for its business as now conducted and as presently proposed to be
conducted, without any known infringement of the rights of others. There
are no outstanding options, licenses or agreements of any kind relating to
the foregoing proprietary rights, nor is the Company bound by or a party to
any options, licenses or agreements of any kind with respect to the
patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets,
licenses, information and other proprietary rights and processes of any
other person or entity other than such licenses or agreements arising from
the purchase of “off the shelf” or standard products.


(b)    The Company has not received any communications alleging that the
Company has violated or, by conducting its business as presently proposed
to be conducted, would violate any of the patents, trademarks, service
marks, trade names, copyrights or trade secrets or other proprietary rights
of any other person or entity.


(c)    The Company is not aware that any of its employees is obligated
under any contract (including licenses, covenants or commitments of any
nature) or other agreement, or subject to any judgment, decree or order of
any court or administrative agency, that would interfere with their duties
to the Company or that would conflict with the Company’s business as
proposed to be conducted. Each former and current employee, officer and
consultant of the Company has executed a proprietary information and
inventions agreement in a form made available to the Purchasers. No former
or current employee, officer or consultant of the Company has excluded
works or inventions made prior to his or her employment with the Company
from his or her assignment of inventions pursuant to such employee, officer
or consultant’s proprietary information and inventions agreement. The
Company does not believe it is or will be necessary to utilize any
inventions, trade secrets or proprietary information of any of its
employees made prior to their employment by the Company, except for
inventions, trade secrets or proprietary information that have been
assigned to the Company.


(d)    The Company will establish and maintain appropriate procedures, in
consultation with the Board, for developing software and using any “free”
or “open source” software. Neither the Company, the Company’s products, nor
any software or technology developed by or for the Company is subject to
any obligation or condition that would require that any of the Company’s
products or any other software or other technology developed by or for the
Company (i) be disclosed, distributed, or made available in source code
form; (ii) be licensed with the permission to create derivative works; or
(iii) be redistributable at no charge.


3.12    Compliance with Other Instruments. The Company is not in violation
or default of any term of its charter documents, each as amended, or of any
provision of any mortgage, indenture, contract, lease, agreement,
instrument or contract to which it is party or by which it is bound or of
any judgment, decree, order or writ other than any such violation that
would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. The execution,
delivery, and performance of and compliance with this Agreement, and the
Related Agreements, and the issuance and sale of the Shares pursuant hereto
and of the Conversion Shares pursuant to the Restated Charter, will not,
with or without the passage of time or giving of notice, result in any such
material violation, or be in conflict with or constitute a material default
under any such term or provision, or result in the creation of any
mortgage, pledge, lien, encumbrance or charge upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or the suspension, revocation, impairment, forfeiture
or nonrenewal of any permit, license, authorization or approval applicable
to the Company, its business or operations or any of its assets or
properties.


3.13    Litigation. There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation
pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, currently threatened against the
Company that would reasonably be expected to result, either individually or
in the aggregate, in any material adverse change in the assets, condition,
affairs or prospects of the Company, financially or otherwise, or any
change in the current equity ownership of the Company or that questions the
validity of this Agreement or the Related Agreements or the right of the
Company to enter into any of such agreements, or to consummate the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, nor is the Company aware that
there is any basis for any of the foregoing. The foregoing includes,
without limitation, actions pending or, to the Company’s knowledge,
threatened or any basis therefore known by the Company involving the prior
employment of any of the Company’s employees, their use in connection with
the Company’s business of any information or techniques allegedly
proprietary to any of their former employers, or their obligations under
any agreements with prior employers. The Company is not a party or to its
knowledge subject to the provisions of any order, writ, injunction,
judgment or decree of any court or government agency or instrumentality.
There is no action, suit, proceeding or investigation by the Company
currently pending or which the Company intends to initiate.


3.14    Tax Returns and Payments. The Company is and always has been a
subchapter C corporation. The Company has timely filed all tax returns
(federal, state and local) required to be filed by it. All taxes shown to
be due and payable on such returns, any assessments imposed, and to the
Company’s knowledge all other taxes due and payable by the Company on or
before the Closing, have been paid or will be paid prior to the time they
become delinquent. The Company has not been advised (a) that any of its
returns, federal, state or other, have been or are being audited as of the
date hereof, or (b) of any deficiency in assessment or proposed judgment to
its federal, state or other taxes. The Company has no knowledge of any
liability of any tax to be imposed upon its properties or assets as of the
date of this Agreement that is not adequately provided for.


3.15    Employees. The Company has no collective bargaining agreements with
any of its employees. There is no labor union organizing activity pending
or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened with respect to the Company. The
Company is not a party to or bound by any currently effective employment
contract, deferred compensation arrangement, bonus plan, incentive plan,
profit sharing plan, retirement agreement or other employee compensation
plan or agreement. No employee of the Company has been granted the right to
continued employment by the Company or to any material compensation
following termination of employment with the Company. To the Company’s
knowledge, no employee of the Company, nor any consultant with whom the
Company has contracted, is in violation of any term of any employment
contract, proprietary information agreement or any other agreement relating
to the right of any such individual to be employed by, or to contract with,
the Company; and to the Company’s knowledge the continued employment by the
Company of its present employees, and the performance of the Company’s
contracts with its independent contractors, will not result in any such
violation. The Company has not received any notice alleging that any such
violation has occurred. The Company is not aware that any officer, key
employee or group of employees intends to terminate his, her or their
employment with the Company, nor does the Company have a present intention
to terminate the employment of any officer, key employee or group of
employees. There are no actions pending, or to the Company’s knowledge,
threatened, by any former or current employee concerning such person’s
employment by the Company.


3.16    Obligations of Management. Each officer and key employee of the
Company is currently devoting substantially all of his or her business time
to the conduct of the business of the Company. The Company is not aware
that any officer or key employee of the Company is planning to work less
than full time at the Company in the future. No officer or key employee is
currently working or, to the Company’s knowledge, plans to work for a
competitive enterprise, whether or not such officer or key employee is or
will be compensated by such enterprise.


3.17    Registration Rights and Voting Rights. Except as required pursuant
to the Investor Rights Agreement, the Company is presently not under any
obligation, and has not granted any rights, to register under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), any of the
Company’s presently outstanding securities or any of its securities that
may hereafter be issued. To the Company’s knowledge, except as contemplated
in the Voting Agreement, no stockholder of the Company has entered into any
agreement with respect to the voting of equity securities of the Company.


3.18    Compliance with Laws; Permits. The Company is not in violation of
any applicable statute, rule, regulation, order or restriction of any
domestic or foreign government or any instrumentality or agency thereof in
respect of the conduct of its business or the ownership of its properties,
which violation would materially and adversely affect the business, assets,
liabilities, financial condition, operations or prospects of the Company.
No governmental orders, permissions, consents, approvals or authorizations
are required to be obtained and no registrations or declarations are
required to be filed in connection with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement or the issuance of the Shares or the Conversion Shares, except
such as have been duly and validly obtained or filed, or with respect to
any filings that must be made after the Closing, as will be filed in a
timely manner. The Company has all franchises, permits, licenses and any
similar authority necessary for the conduct of its business as now being
conducted by it, the lack of which could materially and adversely affect
the business, assets, properties or financial condition of the Company and
believes it can obtain, without undue burden or expense, any similar
authority for the conduct of its business as planned to be conducted.


3.19    Environmental and Safety Laws. To its knowledge, the Company is not
in violation of any applicable statute, law or regulation relating to the
environment or occupational health and safety, and to its knowledge, no
material expenditures are or will be required in order to comply with any
such existing statute, law or regulation.


3.20    Offering Valid. Assuming the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of Purchasers contained in Section 4.2 hereof, the offer, sale
and issuance of the Shares and the Conversion Shares will be exempt from
the registration requirements of the Securities Act, and will have been
registered or qualified (or are exempt from registration and qualification)
under the registration, permit or qualification requirements of all
applicable state securities laws. Neither the Company nor any agent on its
behalf has solicited or will solicit any offers to sell or has offered to
sell or will offer to sell all or any part of the Shares to any person or
persons so as to bring the sale of such Shares by the Company within the
registration provisions of the Securities Act or any state securities laws.


3.21    Full Disclosure. The Company has provided Purchasers with all
information requested by Purchasers in connection with their decision to
purchase the Shares. Neither this Agreement, the exhibits hereto nor the
Related Agreements contain any untrue statement of a material fact nor, to
the Company’s knowledge, omit to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statements contained herein or therein not misleading.


3.22    Minute Books. The minute books of the Company made available to
Purchasers contain a complete summary of all meetings of directors and
stockholders since the time of incorporation.


3.23    Section 83(b) Elections. To the Company’s knowledge, all elections
and notices permitted by Section 83(b) of the Code and any analogous
provisions of applicable state tax laws have been timely filed by all
employees who have purchased shares of the Company’s common stock under
agreements that provide for the vesting of such shares.


3.24    Qualified Small Business. The Company represents and warrants to
Purchasers that, to the best of its knowledge, the Company is a “qualified
small business” within the meaning of Section 1202(d) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), as of the date hereof and
the Shares should qualify as “qualified small business stock” as defined in
Section 1202(c) of the Code as of the date hereof.


3.25    Real Property Holding Corporation. The Company is not a real
property holding corporation within the meaning of Code Section 897(c)(2)
and any regulations promulgated thereunder.


3.26    Executive Officers. To the knowledge of the Company, no executive
officer or person nominated to become an executive officer of the Company
(a) has been convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a
pending criminal proceeding (excluding minor traffic violations) or (b) is
or has been subject to any judgment or order of, the subject of any pending
civil or administrative action by the Securities and Exchange Commission or
any self-regulatory organization.


4.    Representations And Warranties Of Purchasers.


Each Purchaser hereby represents and warrants to the Company, severally and
not jointly, as follows (provided that such representations and warranties
do not lessen or obviate the representations and warranties of the Company
set forth in this Agreement):


4.1    Requisite Power and Authority. Purchaser has all necessary power and
authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Related Agreements
and to carry out their provisions. All action on Purchaser’s part required
for the lawful execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Related
Agreements has been taken. Upon their execution and delivery, this
Agreement and the Related Agreements will be valid and binding obligations
of Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with their terms, except (a) as
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or
other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors’
rights, (b) as limited by general principles of equity that restrict the
availability of equitable remedies, and (c) to the extent that the
enforceability of the indemnification provisions of the Investor Rights
Agreement may be limited by applicable laws.


4.2    Investment Representations. Purchaser understands that neither the
Shares nor the Conversion Shares have been registered under the Securities
Act. Purchaser also understands that the Shares are being offered and sold
pursuant to an exemption from registration contained in the Securities Act
based in part upon Purchaser’s representations contained in the Agreement.
Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as follows:


(a)    Purchaser Bears Economic Risk. Purchaser has substantial experience
in evaluating and investing in private placement transactions of securities
in companies similar to the Company so that it is capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of its investment in the Company and has the capacity to
protect its own interests. Purchaser must bear the economic risk of this
investment indefinitely unless the Shares (or the Conversion Shares) are
registered pursuant to the Securities Act, or an exemption from
registration is available. Purchaser understands that the Company has no
present intention of registering the Shares, the Conversion Shares or any
shares of its Common Stock. Purchaser also understands that there is no
assurance that any exemption from registration under the Securities Act
will be available and that, even if available, such exemption may not allow
Purchaser to transfer all or any portion of the Shares or the Conversion
Shares under the circumstances, in the amounts or at the times Purchaser
might propose.


(b)    Acquisition for Own Account. Purchaser is acquiring the Shares and
the Conversion Shares for Purchaser’s own account for investment only, and
not with a view towards their distribution.


(c)    Purchaser Can Protect Its Interest. Purchaser represents that by
reason of its, or of its management’s, business or financial experience,
Purchaser has the capacity to protect its own interests in connection with
the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, and the Related
Agreements. Further, Purchaser is aware of no publication of any
advertisement in connection with the transactions contemplated in the
Agreement.


(d)    Accredited Investor. Purchaser represents that it is an accredited
investor within the meaning of Regulation D under the Securities Act.


(e)    Company Information. Purchaser has had an opportunity to discuss the
Company’s business, management and financial affairs with directors,
officers and management of the Company and has had the opportunity to
review the Company’s operations and facilities. Purchaser has also had the
opportunity to ask questions of and receive answers from, the Company and
its management regarding the terms and conditions of this investment.


(f)    Rule 144. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the Shares, and, if
issued, the Conversion Shares are “restricted securities” as defined in
Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act as in effect from time to
time and must be held indefinitely unless they are subsequently registered
under the Securities Act or an exemption from such registration is
available. Purchaser has been advised or is aware of the provisions of Rule
144, which permits limited resale of shares purchased in a private
placement subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including,
among other things: the availability of certain current public information
about the Company, the resale occurring following the required holding
period under Rule 144 and the number of shares being sold during any three-
month period not exceeding specified limitations.


(g)    Residence. If Purchaser is an individual, then Purchaser resides in
the state or province identified in the address of Purchaser set forth on
Exhibit A; if Purchaser is a partnership, corporation, limited liability
company or other entity, then the office or offices of Purchaser in which
its investment decision was made is located at the address or addresses of
Purchaser set forth on Exhibit A.


4.3    Transfer Restrictions. Each Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that
the Shares and, if issued, the Conversion Shares are subject to
restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Investor Rights Agreement.


5.    Conditions To Closing.


5.1    Conditions to Purchasers’ Obligations at the Closing. Purchasers’
obligation to purchase the Shares at the Closing are subject to the
satisfaction, at or prior to the Closing Date, of the following conditions:


(a)    Representations and Warranties True; Performance of Obligations. The
representations and warranties made by the Company in Section 3 hereof
shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date
with the same force and effect as if they had been made as of the Closing
Date, and the Company shall have performed all obligations and conditions
herein required to be performed or observed by it on or prior to the
Closing.


(b)    Legal Investment. On the Closing Date, the sale and issuance of the
Shares and the proposed issuance of the Conversion Shares shall be legally
permitted by all laws and regulations to which Purchasers and the Company
are subject.


(c)    Consents, Permits, and Waivers. The Company shall have obtained any
and all consents, permits and waivers necessary or appropriate for
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and the
Related Agreements (including any filing required to comply with the Hart
Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976) except for such as may be
properly obtained subsequent to the Closing.


(d)    Filing of Restated Charter. The Restated Charter shall have been
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and shall
continue to be in full force and effect as of the Closing Date.


(e)    Corporate Documents. The Company shall have delivered to Purchasers
copies of all corporate documents of the Company as Purchasers shall
reasonably request.


(f)    Reservation of Conversion Shares. The Conversion Shares issuable
upon conversion of the Shares shall have been duly authorized and reserved
for issuance upon such conversion.


(g)    Compliance Certificate. The Company shall have delivered to
Purchasers a Compliance Certificate, executed by the President of the
Company, dated the Closing Date, to the effect that the conditions
specified in subsections (a), (c), (d) and (f) of this Section 5.1 have
been satisfied.


(h)    Secretary’s Certificate. Purchasers shall have received from the
Company’s Secretary, a certificate having attached thereto (i) the Restated
Charter as in effect at the time of the Closing, (ii) the Company’s Bylaws
as in effect at the time of the Closing, (iii) resolutions approved by the
board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) authorizing the
transactions contemplated hereby, (iv) resolutions approved by the
Company’s stockholders authorizing the filing of the Restated Charter and
(v) good standing certificates with respect to the Company from the
applicable authorities in Delaware and Colorado, dated a recent date before
the Closing.


(i)    Investor Rights Agreement. The Investor Rights Agreement
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C shall have been
executed and delivered by the parties thereto.


(j)    Co-Sale Agreement. The Co-Sale Agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit D shall have been executed and delivered by the
parties thereto. The stock certificates representing the outstanding shares
subject to the Co-Sale Agreement shall have been delivered to the Secretary
of the Company and shall have had appropriate legends placed upon them to
reflect the restrictions on transfer set forth in the Co-Sale Agreement.


(k)    Voting Agreement. The Voting Agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit E shall have been executed and delivered by the
parties thereto. The stock certificates representing the outstanding shares
subject to the Voting Agreement shall have been delivered to the Secretary
of the Company and shall have had appropriate legends placed upon them to
reflect the restrictions on transfer set forth in the Voting Agreement.


(l)    Board of Directors. Upon the Closing, the authorized size of the
Board shall be three members and the Board shall consist of [DIRECTOR 1]
and [DIRECTOR 2], with [one vacancy existing].


(m)    Legal Opinion. Purchasers shall have received from legal counsel to
the Company an opinion addressed to it, dated as of the Closing Date, in a
form acceptable to Purchasers.


(n)    Indemnification Agreements. An indemnification agreement in a form
acceptable to Purchasers shall have been executed and delivered by the
parties thereto.


(o)    Proceedings and Documents. All corporate and other proceedings in
connection with the transactions contemplated at the Closing hereby and all
documents and instruments incident to such transactions shall be reasonably
satisfactory in substance and form to Purchasers, and Purchasers shall have
received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of
such documents as it may reasonably request.


(p)     Management Rights. A Management Rights letter substantially in the
form attached hereto as Exhibit F shall have been executed by the Company
and delivered to Purchasers.


5.2    Conditions to Obligations of the Company. The Company’s obligation
to issue and sell the Shares at each Closing is subject to the
satisfaction, on or prior to such Closing, of the following conditions:


(a)    Representations and Warranties True. The representations and
warranties in Section 4 made by those Purchasers acquiring Shares shall be
true and correct in all material respects at the date of the Closing, with
the same force and effect as if they had been made on and as of said date.


(b)    Performance of Obligations. Such Purchasers shall have performed and
complied with all agreements and conditions herein required to be performed
or complied with by such Purchasers on or before the Closing.


(c)    Filing of Restated Charter. The Restated Charter shall have been
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.


(d)    Investor Rights Agreement. The Investor Rights Agreement
substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C shall have been
executed and delivered by Purchasers.


(e)    Co-Sale Agreement. The Co-Sale Agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit D shall have been executed and delivered by the
parties thereto.


(f)    Voting Agreement. The Voting Agreement substantially in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit E shall have been executed and delivered by the
parties thereto.


(g)    Consents, Permits, and Waivers. The Company shall have obtained any
and all consents, permits and waivers necessary or appropriate for
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and the
Related Agreements (including any filing required to comply with the Hart
Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, and except for such as may
be properly obtained subsequent to the Closing).


6.    Miscellaneous.


6.1    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of [COLORADO]
and shall be binding upon the parties hereto in the United States and
worldwide. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of any federal or state court within [DENVER]
County, State of [COLORADO] in connection with any matter based upon or
arising out of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein or any
other matter relating to the equity interests of the Purchasers in the
Company (whether based on breach of contract, tort, breach of duty or any
other theory), agrees that process may be served upon it in any manner
authorized by the laws of the State of [COLORADO] for such persons and
waives and covenants not to assert or plead any objection that they might
otherwise have to jurisdiction, venue and such process. Each party agrees
not to commence any legal proceedings based upon or arising out of this
Agreement or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating
to the equity interests of the Purchasers in the Company (whether based on
breach of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory) except in
such courts.


6.2    Survival. The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
made herein shall survive the closing of the transactions contemplated
hereby. All statements as to factual matters contained in any certificate
or other instrument delivered by or on behalf of the Company pursuant
hereto in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby shall be
deemed to be representations and warranties by the Company hereunder solely
as of the date of such certificate or instrument. The representations,
warranties, covenants and obligations of the Company, and the rights and
remedies that may be exercised by Purchasers, shall not be limited or
otherwise affected by or as a result of any information furnished to, or
any investigation made by or knowledge of, Purchasers or any of its
representatives.


6.3    Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding
upon the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs,
executors and administrators and shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by each person who shall be a holder of the Shares from time to
time; provided, however, that prior to the receipt by the Company of
adequate written notice of the transfer of any Shares specifying the full
name and address of the transferee, the Company may deem and treat the
person listed as the holder of such Shares in its records as the absolute
owner and holder of such Shares for all purposes.


6.4    Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the exhibits and schedules hereto,
the Related Agreements and the other documents delivered pursuant hereto
constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between the
parties with regard to the subjects hereof and no party shall be liable for
or bound to any other in any manner by any oral or written representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set forth
herein and therein.


6.5    Severability. In the event one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.


6.6    Amendment and Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or modified, and
the obligations of the Company and the rights of the holders of the Shares
and the Conversion Shares under the Agreement may be waived, only upon the
written consent of the Company and holders of a majority of the Shares
purchased or agreed to be purchased pursuant to this Agreement (treated as
if converted and including any Conversion Shares into which the then
outstanding Shares have been converted that have not been sold to the
public).


6.7    Delays or Omissions. It is agreed that no delay or omission to
exercise any right, power or remedy accruing to any party, upon any breach,
default or noncompliance by another party under this Agreement, the Related
Agreements or the Restated Charter, shall impair any such right, power or
remedy, nor shall it be construed to be a waiver of any such breach,
default or noncompliance, or any acquiescence therein, or of or in any
similar breach, default or noncompliance thereafter occurring. It is
further agreed that any waiver, permit, consent or approval of any kind or
character on any party’s part of any breach, default or noncompliance under
this Agreement, the Related Agreements or under the Restated Charter or any
waiver on such party’s part of any provisions or conditions of the
Agreement, the Related Agreements, or the Restated Charter must be in
writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in
such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement, the Related
Agreements, the Restated Charter, by law, or otherwise afforded to any
party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.


6.8    Waiver of Conflicts. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that
[GENERAL COUNSEL NAME] (“[DEFINITION]”), outside general counsel to the
Company, has in the past performed and is or may now or in the future
represent one or more Purchaser’s or their affiliates in matters unrelated
to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the “Financing”),
including representation of such Purchasers or their affiliates in matters
of a similar nature to the Financing. The applicable rules of professional
conduct require that [DEFINITION] inform the parties hereunder of this
representation and obtain their consent. [DEFINITION] has served as outside
general counsel to the Company and has negotiated the terms of the
Financing solely on behalf of the Company. The Company and each Purchaser
hereby (a) acknowledge that they have had an opportunity to ask for and
have obtained information relevant to such representation, including
disclosure of the reasonably foreseeable adverse consequences of such
representation; (b) acknowledge that with respect to the Financing,
[DEFINITION] has represented solely the Company, and not any Purchaser or
any stockholder, director or employee of the Company or any Purchaser; and
(c) gives its informed consent to [DEFINITION]’s representation of the
Company in the Financing.


6.9    Notices. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery
to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail,
telex or facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient,
if not, then on the next business day, (c) five days after having been sent
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
or (d) one day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of
receipt. All communications shall be sent to the Company at the address as
set forth on the signature page hereof and to Purchaser at the address set
forth on Exhibit A attached hereto or at such other address or electronic
mail address as the Company or Purchaser may designate by 10 days’ advance
written notice to the other parties hereto.


6.10    Expenses. Each party shall pay all costs and expenses that it
incurs with respect to the negotiation, execution, delivery and performance
of the Agreement [; provided, however, that the Company shall, at the
Closing, reimburse the reasonable fees of and expenses of one special
counsel for Purchasers].


6.11   Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. In the event that any action, suit or
other proceeding is instituted based upon or arising out of this Agreement
or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating to the
equity interests of the Purchasers in the Company (whether based on breach
of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory), the prevailing
party shall recover all of such party’s costs (including, but not limited
to expert witness costs) and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in each
such action, suit or other proceeding, including any and all appeals or
petitions therefrom.


6.12    Titles and Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of
the Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be
considered in construing this Agreement.


6.13    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one instrument.


6.14    Broker’s Fees. Each party hereto represents and warrants that no
agent, broker, investment banker, person or firm acting on behalf of or
under the authority of such party hereto is or will be entitled to any
broker’s or finder’s fee or any other commission directly or indirectly in
connection with the transactions contemplated herein. Each party hereto
further agrees to indemnify each other party for any claims, losses or
expenses incurred by such other party as a result of the representation in
this Section 6.14 being untrue.


6.15    Exculpation Among Purchasers. Each Purchaser acknowledges that it
is not relying upon any person, firm, or corporation, other than the
Company and its officers and directors, in making its investment or
decision to invest in the Company. Each Purchaser agrees that no Purchaser
nor the respective controlling persons, officers, directors, partners,
agents, or employees of any Purchaser shall be liable to any other
Purchaser for any action heretofore taken or omitted to be taken by any of
them in connection with the purchase of the Shares and Conversion Shares.


6.16    Pronouns. All pronouns contained herein, and any variations
thereof, shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neutral,
singular or plural, as to the identity of the parties hereto may require.


6.17    [California Corporate Securities Law. THE SALE OF THE SECURITIES
WHICH ARE THE SUBJECT OF THIS AGREEMENT HAS NOT BEEN QUALIFIED WITH THE
COMMISSIONER OF CORPORATIONS OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA AND THE ISSUANCE OF
SUCH SECURITIES OR THE PAYMENT OR RECEIPT OF ANY PART OF THE CONSIDERATION
THEREFOR PRIOR TO SUCH QUALIFICATION OR IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EXEMPTION FROM
SUCH QUALIFICATION IS UNLAWFUL. PRIOR TO ACCEPTANCE OF SUCH CONSIDERATION
BY THE COMPANY, THE RIGHTS OF ALL PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY
CONDITIONED UPON SUCH QUALIFICATION BEING OBTAINED OR AN EXEMPTION FROM
SUCH QUALIFICATION BEING AVAILABLE.]





In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have executed the Series A Preferred
Stock Purchase Agreement as of the [EFFECTIVE DATE]



                                  Exhibit A


                           schedule of purchasers

|Name and Address    |Share|Aggregate            |
|                    |s    |Purchase Price       |
|[Foundry]           |[?]  |[$?]                 |
|1050 Walnut St.,    |     |                     |
|Suite 210           |     |                     |
|Boulder, CO  80302  |     |                     |
|Attn:  Brad Feld    |     |                     |
|                    |     |                     |
|                    |     |                     |
|Total:              |?    |$?                   |


                         1050 Walnut St., Suite 210


 


 


                                  Exhibit B


                              Restated Charter


                                       


                                  Exhibit C


                          Investor Rights Agreement


                                       


                                  Exhibit D


                              Co-Sale Agreement


                                       


                                  Exhibit E


                              Voting Agreement


                                  Exhibit F


                          Management Rights Letter

