

The Company


This agreement governs the partnership between the Founders, doing business
as [[COMPANY NAME]] (the “Company”). The Company will continue perpetually,
unless dissolved in accordance with this agreement. The Founders will cause
the Company to register its fictitious name in the jurisdiction where it
conducts its business, as soon as reasonably practicable after the date
hereof. The Company’s principal office address will be set by a majority of
Founders, and initially is: [[ADDRESS]].


The Founders


The following individuals are hereby admitted as partners in the Company
(“Founders”)


[[FOUNDER ONE]]
[[CONTACT1]]


[[FOUNDER TWO]]
[[CONTACT2]]


The Project


The Founders have created the Company for the sole purpose of [[DESCRIPTION
OF PROJECT]] (the "Project").


Capital Contributions


The Founders may make capital contributions in the form of cash and prepaid
expenses from time to time to fund the Company’s ongoing capital and
operating needs. The written consent of all Founders is required for any
Founder to make a capital contribution. No Founder may be required to make
a capital contribution except pursuant to such mutual written consent.


Ownership of the Company


Ownership of the Company will initially be reflected in shares, and the
Company will initially have [[# OF SHARES]] total shares. These shares are
solely for the purpose of recording the proportional ownership of the
Founders of the Company, are not transferrable in any fashion, and do not
constitute securities of any kind. The Founders hereby agree to divide
ownership of the Company as follows:


[[FOUNDER ONE]]: [[FOUNDER 1'S STOCK]] shares @ $[[FOUNDER 1'S INVESTMENT]]


[[FOUNDER TWO]]:[[FOUNDER 2'S STOCK]]shares @ $[[FOUNDER 2'S INVESTMENT]]


Vesting


Vesting will occur based on the following schedule:


· Until and through [[FIRST VESTING DATE]], neither Founder’s shares will
vest


· On and not before [[FIRST VESTING DATE + 1]]– [[25% ]] of each Founder’s
shares will vest


· On and not before the 1st of every month thereafter, [[1/36TH]] of the
remaining [[75%]]will vest


· Thus, on [[END DATE]] (the "Full Vesting Date"), each Founder will be
100% vested.


If either Founder ceases to provide services to the Company or resigns from
the Company (the "Terminated Founder") at any time prior to the Full
Vesting Date (the "Termination Date"), none of the Terminated Founder's
additional shares shall vest. The Terminated Founder's shares remaining
unvested as of the Termination Date shall be cancelled or returned to the
Company, and the Founder's ownership interest shall be reduced by the
amount of unvested shares so cancelled or returned.


If both Founders are still fully involved with the business and a liquidity
event (i.e. sale to a third party, an initial public offering, or other
liquidity event) occurs, 100% vesting will occur immediately.


Capital Accounts; Distributions


Each Founder shall have a capital account, which shall reflect such
Founder's initial capital contribution, shall be credited with such
Founder's additional capital contributions (if any) and such Founder's
share of the profits of the Company (if any) based on such Founder's
respective ownership interest in the Company, and shall be debited with
distributions to such Founder (if any) and such Founder's share of the
losses of the Company based on such Founder's respective ownership interest
in the Company.


The Company may (but is not required to) make ordinary distributions to the
Founders out of cash received by the Company (excluding new capital
contributions or loans), less all accounts payable and reserves against
anticipated expenses from time to time as determined by a majority of
Founders. All distributions must be made in the following order:


    • First, in equal proportion to all Founders who have contributed cash
      that has not been repaid, until each Founder has been paid out to the
      extent of such contributions in full;
    • Second, to all Founders in accordance with each Founder’s positive
      capital account balance; and
    • Third, to all Founders in proportion to their respective ownership
      interests.


Management and Approval Rights


The Company will be managed by the Founders, and a majority of Founders may
take any action on behalf of the Company except where explicitly stated
otherwise in this agreement. The unanimous written approval of all Founders
is required to:


    • incur any debt on the Company’s behalf or employ its credit, other
      than receivables to trade creditors in the ordinary course of business
      not to exceed $250 individually and $500 in aggregate;
    • initiate any voluntary bankruptcy proceeding;
    • liquidate or dissolve the Company, or distribute substantially all of
      its assets and business;
    • enter into any inbound or outbound license, transfer, or other
      assignment of protectable intellectual property used in the Project,
      including any patentable inventions, copyrights, trade secrets, or
      trademark rights (except for inbound end user licenses for software
      applications in the ordinary course of business);
    • approve any contract with a Founder, or an immediate family member or
      domestic partner of a Founder, or an affiliate of any of the foregoing
      persons;
    • raise any equity capital in any amount from any person;
    • admit any partner to the Company; and
    • amend this agreement.


Duties to the Company


The Founders must refer to the Company, in writing, all opportunities to
participate in a business or activity that is directly competitive with the
Project within [[GEOGRAPHIC REGION]], whether as an employee, consultant,
officer, director, advisor, investor, or partner. The Company will have 15
days to decide whether to pursue any referred opportunity, and to notify
the referring Founder of its decision in writing. If the Company elects not
to pursue the opportunity, or if it does not notify the referring Founder
of its intent in writing within the 15 day period, then the referring
Founder will be free to pursue the opportunity independently. If the
Company elects to pursue the opportunity, but later abandons it, then the
referring Founder will be free to pursue the opportunity independently at
such time.


Other than pursuant to the preceding paragraph, to protect the Company’s
legitimate business interests, no Founder may participate in any business
or activity that is directly competitive with the Project within
[geographic region], whether as an employee, consultant, officer, director,
advisor, owner, sole proprietor, investor, or partner. The ownership of 1%
or less of the securities of any publicly-traded company will not be
considered participation in a competitive business or activity. The
Founders’ obligations contained in this section (Duties to the Company)
will continue with respect to each Founder until the later of the date that
is 3 months after (i) he ceases to be a partner of the Company, and (ii) he
ceases to provide any services to the Company, whether as a partner,
employee, officer, director, or otherwise.


Other than as explicitly provided herein, no Founder will have any duty to
the other Founders or to the Company, including any fiduciary duty, and
including any duty to refer business opportunities to the Company, or to
refrain from engaging in activity that is competitive with that conducted
or planned by the Company.


Project-Related Intellectual Property


“Project IP” means:


(a) contributions and inventions, discoveries, creations, developments,
improvements, works of authorship and ideas (whether or not protectable
under patent, copyright, or other legal theory) of any kind that are
conceived, created, developed or reduced to practice by any Founder, alone
or with others, while such Founder is a member of, or provides services to,
the Company, regardless of whether they are conceived or made during
regular working hours or at the Company’s place of work, that are directly
or indirectly related to the Project, result from tasks assigned to a
Founder by the Company, or are conceived or made with the use of the
Company’s resources, facilities or materials; and (b) any and all patents,
patent applications, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks (whether or not
registered), domain names and other intellectual property rights,
worldwide, with respect to any of the foregoing.


The term “Project IP” does not include any inventions developed by a
Founder entirely on such Founder’s own time, without using any Company
equipment, supplies, facilities or trade secret information, unless the
invention related to the Project at the time of the invention’s conception
or reduction to practice.


Each Founder hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company all right, title,
and interest in and to all Project IP owned by such Founder. Each Founder
agrees (i) to assist the Company from time to time with signing and filing
any written documents of assignment that are necessary or expedient to
evidence such Founder’s irrevocable assignment of Project IP to the
Company; and (ii) to assist the Company in applying for, maintaining, and
filing any renewals with respect to Project IP anywhere in the world, in
each case at the Company’s expense.


Confidentiality


The Founders agree to keep all non-public information with respect to
Project IP confidential and not to disclose it to any other party, except
(i) to attorneys and advisors who need to know in connection with
performing their duties, (ii) to potential business development partners
and/or investors approved by the Company in writing, and who are bound by a
confidentiality agreement in writing, and (iii) in response to an inquiry
from a legal or regulatory authority.


Third-Party Offer to Invest


The written consent of all Founders is required to approve any additional
investment in the Company from any party, including a Founder, and to issue
any equity securities or rights convertible into the Company’s equity to
any party.


The Founders understand that they would likely be required to submit their
equity interests in the Company to vesting and other restrictions in such
event, to assign all Project IP to the Company, and to submit to other
employment-related covenants.


The Founders anticipate that any transaction resulting from such an offer
would require that the Company convert to a business entity that provides
limited liability to its members, or else to contribute the Company’s
assets and liabilities to a newly-formed business entity with limited
liability.


Resignation of Founders


Any Founder may resign from partnership in the Company for any reason or no
reason at all by giving written notice to the other Founders. Upon a
Founder’s resignation, the Company will continue and will not dissolve, so
long as at least one Founder remains as a member of the Company. The
Company will pay out to the resigning or removed Founder his positive
capital account balance (if any) within 180 days of resignation, either in
cash or with an unsecured note payable within 2 years and bearing interest
at 8% per year.


If only one Founder remains a partner of the Company at any time, then the
Company shall continue as a sole proprietorship of the remaining Founder
until he resigns, without affecting any rights due to any Founder or former
Founder under this agreement.


If no Founder remains as a partner of the Company at any point in time,
then the Company will dissolve, and this agreement will terminate
immediately upon completion of the winding up of the Company and
distribution of its assets and liabilities in accordance with this
agreement.


Dissolution


If the Founders determine by unanimous consent to dissolve the Company and
wind up its affairs, or if the Company dissolves because no Founders remain
as partners, then any persons who were Founders immediately prior to the
dissolution event will cause the Company to sell all its property
(including Project IP) for cash only, and to liquidate in an orderly
fashion. All Founders must be afforded a full opportunity to bid on any
Project IP in connection with such liquidation process. The Company will
distribute any property that remains after paying for the expenses of
dissolving and winding up, and repaying all indebtedness owed by the
Company, as follows:


    • First, in equal proportion to all Founders who have contributed cash
      that has not been repaid, until each Founder has been paid out to the
      extent of such contributions in full;
    • Second, to all Founders in accordance with each Founder’s positive
      capital account balance; and
    • Third, to all Founders in equal proportion.


Title to any Project IP that is not sold in connection with dissolution and
liquidation of the Company must, however, be distributed to all Founders as
owners in common.


Dispute Resolution


All disputes arising from or related to this agreement must be submitted
for binding arbitration before a single arbitrator under the rules of the
American Arbitration Association as in effect at such time. The location
for such arbitration will be [[LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA]]. The Founders
agree that either party may, within 7 days after the filing of a Demand for
Arbitration, demand that the parties' dispute first be submitted to a
neutral evaluator pursuant to the American Arbitration Association's Early
Neutral Evaluation Procedures prior to proceeding with arbitration.


Any resulting arbitration award may be enforced in any court having valid
jurisdiction, wherever located. In addition, the Founders hereby
irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts
located in [[LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA]] for the enforcement of any such
arbitration award.


Miscellaneous Provisions


Assignment. This agreement may not be assigned by any party hereto without
the written consent of all Founders.


Successors / Assigns. This agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the Founders, the Company, their successors, and their permitted
assigns.


Notices. Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this
agreement may be addressed to the recipient at its address given above, or
such other address as that party may provide from time to time, and shall
be deemed duly given (A) when delivered, if by hand delivery; and (B) if
otherwise delivered, when written confirmation of receipt thereof is
obtained (i) from the recipient; or (ii) from a nationally recognized mail
carrier.


No Third-Party Beneficiaries. Each party hereto intends that this Agreement
shall not benefit or create any right or cause of action in or on behalf of
any person other than the parties hereto, except as explicitly provided
otherwise herein.


Amendment / Waiver. This agreement may only be amended with the written
consent of all Founders, and none of its provisions may be waived except
with the written consent of the party waiving compliance.


Governing Law. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the state of [[STATE]], without regard to the
principles of conflicts of laws.


Severability. If any provision in this agreement is held to be invalid or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity and enforceability of all
remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby, and the invalid or unenforceable provisions shall be
interpreted and applied so as to produce as near as may be the economic
result intended by the parties hereto.


Entire Agreement. This agreement contains the entire agreement between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes
all prior arrangements or understandings (whether written or oral) with
respect thereto.


Signature


By signing below, each Founder indicates acceptance of the terms of this
agreement in their entirety as of the date first written above, and
represents and warrants to the Company and each other Founder that he has
fully read and understood this agreement, and that to each Founder’s
knowledge, no law or third-party obligation would prevent each such Founder
from entering into and performing this agreement in full. For the
convenience of the parties, this agreement may be executed electronically
and in counterparts. Each counterpart shall be binding, and all of them
shall constitute one and the same instrument.


