

                              [COMPANY] , INC.


                              CO-SALE AGREEMENT


This Co-Sale Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of
[EFFECTIVE DATE], by and among [COMPANY] , Inc., a [DELAWARE] corporation
(the “Company”), each of the persons and entities listed on Exhibit A
hereto (the “Investors”) and each of the persons listed on Exhibit B hereto
(each referred to herein as a “Key Holder” and collectively as the “Key
Holders”).


                                  Recitals


Whereas, the Key Holders are the beneficial owners of an aggregate of
[TOTAL SHARES NUMBER] shares of the Common Stock of the Company;


Whereas, the Investors are purchasing shares of the Company’s Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Preferred Stock”) pursuant to that certain Series A
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) of even date
herewith (the “Financing”);


Whereas, the obligations in the Purchase Agreement are conditioned upon the
execution and delivery of this Agreement; and


Whereas, in connection with the consummation of the Financing, the parties
desire to enter into this Agreement in order to grant co-sale rights to the
Company and to the Investors.


Now, Therefore, in consideration of these premises and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree hereto as follows:


1.    Definitions.


1.1    “Key Holder Stock” shall mean shares of the Company’s Common Stock
now owned or subsequently acquired by the Key Holders by gift, purchase,
dividend, option exercise or any other means whether or not such securities
are only registered in a Key Holder’s name or beneficially or legally owned
by such Key Holder, including any interest of a spouse in any of the Key
Holder Stock, whether that interest is asserted pursuant to marital
property laws or otherwise. The number of shares of Key Holder Stock owned
by the Key Holders as of the date hereof are set forth on Exhibit B, which
Exhibit may be amended from time to time by the Company to reflect changes
in the number of shares owned by the Key Holders, but the failure to so
amend shall have no effect on such Key Holder Stock being subject to this
Agreement.


1.2    “Investor Stock” shall mean the shares of the Company’s Common Stock
or Preferred Stock now owned or subsequently acquired by the Investors
whether or not such securities are only registered in an Investor’s name or
beneficially or otherwise legally owned by such Investor.


1.3    For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Transfer” shall include
any sale, assignment, encumbrance, hypothecation, pledge, conveyance in
trust, gift, transfer by request, devise or descent, or other transfer or
disposition of any kind, including, but not limited to, transfers to
receivers, levying creditors, trustees or receivers in bankruptcy
proceedings or general assignees for the benefit of creditors, whether
voluntary or by operation of law, directly or indirectly, of any of the Key
Holder Stock.


2.    Transfers by a Key Holder.


2.1    Notice of Transfer. If a Key Holder proposes to Transfer any shares
of Key Holder Stock then the Key Holder shall promptly give written notice
(the “Notice”) simultaneously to the Company and to each of the Investors
at least [30] days prior to the closing of such Transfer. The Notice shall
describe in reasonable detail the proposed Transfer including, without
limitation, the number of shares of Key Holder Stock to be transferred, the
nature of such Transfer, the consideration to be paid, and the name and
address of each prospective purchaser or transferee. In the event that the
Transfer is being made pursuant to the provisions of Section 3.1, the
Notice shall so state.


2.2    Right of Co-Sale.


(a)    If the right of first refusal in Section 46 of the Company’s Bylaws
is not exercised in full by the Company or its assignees (including,
without limitation, by the Investors in accordance with the terms of
Section 3.8 of the Investor Rights Agreement, by and among the Company and
the Investors, of even date herewith, as amended from time to time), then
each Investor shall have the right, exercisable upon written notice to such
Key Holder with a copy to the Company within 15 days after the expiration
of the period during which the Company or its assignees can elect whether
to exercise their respective rights of first refusal, to participate in
such Transfer of Key Holder Stock on the same terms and conditions. Such
notice shall indicate the number of shares of Investor Stock up to that
number of shares determined under Section 2.4(b) such Investor wishes to
sell under his or her right to participate. To the extent one or more of
the Investors exercise such right of participation in accordance with the
terms and conditions set forth below, the number of shares of Key Holder
Stock that such Key Holder may sell in the transaction shall be
correspondingly reduced.


(b)    Each Investor may sell all or any part of that number of shares
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the aggregate number of
shares of Key Holder Stock covered by the Notice and not purchased by the
Company or its assignees by (ii) a fraction the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion or
exercise of Preferred Stock or other rights to acquire shares of Common
Stock held by such Investor at the time of the Transfer and the denominator
of which is the total number of shares of Common Stock held by such Key
Holder (and not purchased by the Company or the Investors) plus the number
of shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon the conversion or
exercise of Preferred Stock or other rights to acquire shares of Common
Stock held by all Investors at the time of the Notice.


(c)    Each Investor who elects to participate in the Transfer pursuant to
this Section 2 (a “Co-Sale Participant”) shall effect its participation in
the Transfer by promptly delivering to such Key Holder for transfer to the
prospective purchaser one or more certificates, properly endorsed for
transfer, which represent:


(i)    the type and number of shares of Common Stock which such Co-Sale
Participant elects to sell; or


(ii)    that number of shares of Preferred Stock which is at such time
convertible into the number of shares of Common Stock which such Co-Sale
Participant elects to sell; provided, however, that if the prospective
purchaser objects to the delivery of Preferred Stock in lieu of Common
Stock, such Co-Sale Participant shall convert such Preferred Stock into
Common Stock and deliver Common Stock as provided in Section 2.4(c)(i)
above. The Company agrees to make any such conversion concurrent with and
contingent upon the actual transfer of such shares to the purchaser.


(d)    The stock certificate or certificates that the Co-Sale Participant
delivers to such Key Holder pursuant to Section 2.4(c) shall be transferred
to the prospective purchaser in consummation of the sale of the Common
Stock pursuant to the terms and conditions specified in the Co-Sale Notice,
and the Key Holder shall concurrently therewith remit to such Co-Sale
Participant that portion of the sale proceeds to which such Co-Sale
Participant is entitled by reason of its participation in such sale. To the
extent that any prospective purchaser or purchasers prohibits such
assignment or otherwise refuses to purchase shares or other securities from
a Co-Sale Participant exercising its rights of co-sale hereunder, such Key
Holder shall not sell to such prospective purchaser or purchasers any Key
Holder Stock unless and until, simultaneously with such sale, such Key
Holder shall purchase such shares or other securities from such Co-Sale
Participant on the same terms and conditions specified in the Co-Sale
Notice.


(e)    The exercise or non-exercise of the rights of any Investor hereunder
to participate in one or more Transfers of Key Holder Stock made by any Key
Holder shall not adversely affect his right to participate in subsequent
Transfers of Key Holder Stock subject to Section 2.


(f)    To the extent that the Investors do not elect to participate in the
sale of the Key Holder Stock subject to the Co-Sale Notice, such Key Holder
may, not later than sixty (60) days following delivery to the Company of
the Co-Sale Notice, enter into an agreement providing for the closing of
the Transfer of such Key Holder Stock covered by the Co-Sale Notice within
thirty (30) days of such agreement on terms and conditions not materially
more favorable to the transferor than those described in the Co-Sale
Notice. Any proposed Transfer on terms and conditions materially more
favorable than those described in the Co-Sale Notice, as well as any
subsequent proposed Transfer of any of the Key Holder Stock by a Key
Holder, shall again be subject to the first refusal and co-sale rights of
the Company and/or Investors and shall require compliance by a Key Holder
with the procedures described in this Section 2.


3.    Exempt Transfers.


3.1    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the co-sale rights of the Company
and/or the Investors set forth in Section 2 above shall not apply to any
transfer without consideration to the Key Holder’s ancestors, descendants
or spouse or to trusts for the benefit of such persons or the Key Holder;
provided, that, in the event of any transfer made pursuant to the exemption
provided herein, (A) the Key Holder shall inform the Investors of such
transfer prior to effecting it and (B) the transferee shall enter into a
written agreement to be bound by and comply with all provisions of this
Agreement, as if it were an original Key Holder hereunder, including
without limitation Section 2. Such transferred Key Holder Stock shall
remain “Key Holder Stock” hereunder, and such pledgee, transferee or donee
shall be treated as the “Key Holder” for purposes of this Agreement.


3.2    Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of Section 2 shall not
apply to the sale of any Key Holder Stock to the public pursuant to a
registration statement filed with, and declared effective by, the
Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the “Securities Act”).


3.3    This Agreement is subject to, and shall in no manner limit the right
which the Company may have to repurchase securities from the Key Holder
pursuant to (a) a stock restriction agreement or other agreement between
the Company and the Key Holder and (b) any right of first refusal set forth
in the Bylaws of the Company.


4.    Prohibited Transfers.


4.1    Put Option.


(a)    In the event that a Key Holder should sell any Key Holder Stock in
contravention of the co-sale rights of each Investor under Section 2.2 of
this Agreement (a “Prohibited Transfer”), each Investor, in addition to
such other remedies as may be available at law, in equity or hereunder,
shall have the put option provided below, and such Key Holder shall be
bound by the applicable provisions of such option.


(b)    In the event of a Prohibited Transfer, each Investor shall have the
right to sell to such Key Holder the type and number of shares of Common
Stock equal to the number of shares each Investor would have been entitled
to transfer to the purchaser under Section 2.2 hereof had the Prohibited
Transfer been effected pursuant to and in compliance with the terms hereof.
Such sale shall be made on the following terms and conditions:


(c)    The price per share at which the shares are to be sold to the Key
Holder shall be equal to the price per share paid by the purchaser to such
Key Holder in such Prohibited Transfer. The Key Holder shall also reimburse
each Investors for any and all fees and expenses, including legal fees and
expenses, incurred in connection with the exercise or the attempted
exercise of the Investor’s rights under Section 2.4.


(d)    Within 90 days after the date on which an Investor received notice
of the Prohibited Transfer, such Investor shall, if exercising the option
created hereby, deliver to the Key Holder the certificate or certificates
representing the shares to be sold, each certificate to be properly
endorsed for transfer.


(e)    Such Key Holder shall, upon receipt of the certificate or
certificates for the shares to be sold by an Investor, pursuant to this
Section 4.1, pay the aggregate purchase price therefor and the amount of
reimbursable fees and expenses, as specified in Section 4.1(c), in cash or
by other means acceptable to the Investor.


4.2    Voidability of Transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
purported Transfer by a Key Holder of Key Holder Stock in violation of
Section 2 and/or Section 3 hereof shall be voidable at the option of the
holders of a majority of the Investor Stock if the holders of a majority of
the Investor Stock do not elect to exercise the call or put option set
forth in this Section 4, and the Company agrees it will not effect such a
transfer nor will it treat any alleged transferee as the holder of such
shares without the written consent of the holders of a majority of the
Investor Stock.


5.    Legend.


5.1    Each certificate representing shares of Key Holder Stock now or
hereafter owned by the Key Holder or issued to any person in connection
with a Transfer pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof shall be endorsed with the
following legend:


“THE SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION OR TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS SUBJECT TO, AND IN SOME CASES PROHIBITED BY, THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF A CERTAIN RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL AND CO-SALE
AGREEMENT BY AND AMONG THE STOCKHOLDER, THE CORPORATION AND CERTAIN HOLDERS
OF STOCK OF THE CORPORATION. COPIES OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED UPON
WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE SECRETARY OF THE CORPORATION.”


5.2    The Key Holders agree that the Company may instruct its transfer
agent to impose transfer restrictions on the shares represented by
certificates bearing the legend referred to in Section 5.1 above to enforce
the provisions of this Agreement and the Company agrees to promptly do so.
The legend shall be removed at the request of any Key Holder following
termination of this Agreement.


6.    Miscellaneous.


6.1    Conditions to Exercise of Rights. Exercise of the Investors’ rights
under this Agreement shall be subject to and conditioned upon, and the Key
Holders and the Company shall use their best efforts to assist each
Investor in, compliance with applicable laws.


6.2    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado and
shall be binding upon the parties hereto in the United States and
worldwide. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of any federal or state court within Denver County,
State of Colorado in connection with any matter based upon or arising out
of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter
relating to the equity interests of the Purchaser in the Company (whether
based on breach of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory),
agrees that process may be served upon it in any manner authorized by the
laws of the State of Colorado for such persons and waives and covenants not
to assert or plead any objection that they might otherwise have to
jurisdiction, venue and such process. Each party agrees not to commence any
legal proceedings based upon or arising out of this Agreement or the
matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating to the equity
interests of the Purchaser in the Company (whether based on breach of
contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory) except in such courts.


6.3    Amendment. Any provision of this Agreement may be amended or
modified and/or the observance thereof may be waived or this Agreement
terminated, only with the written consent of (a) the Company, (b) as to the
Investors, persons holding a majority of the Common Stock issued or
issuable upon the conversion of Preferred Stock held by the Investors and
their assignees (pursuant to Section 6.4 hereof) and (c) as to the Key
Holders, only by the holders of a majority of the Key Holder Stock held by
Key Holders then providing services to the Company as officers or
employees; provided, that, no consent of any Key Holder shall be necessary
for any amendment and/or restatement that merely includes additional
holders of Preferred Stock or other preferred stock of the Company as
“Investors” as parties hereto or other employees of the Company as “Key
Holders” and parties hereto and does not otherwise materially increase such
Key Holders’ obligations hereunder other than the change in the number of
shares determined by Section 2.2 hereof as a result of the addition of such
additional holder. Any amendment or waiver effected in accordance with this
Section 6.3 shall be binding upon each Investor, its successors and
assigns, the Company and each of the Key Holders. No consent of any party
hereto shall be necessary to include as a party to this Agreement any
transferee required to become a party hereto pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof
or to add any individual as a “Key Holder” hereunder. In the event that the
Company hires any executive officer, the Company covenants and agrees that
such individual shall be added as a party hereunder as a “Key Holder”.


6.4    Successors and Assigns. The provisions hereof shall inure to the
benefit of, and be binding upon, the parties hereto and their respective
successors, assigns, heirs, executors and administrators and other legal
representatives.


6.5    Term. This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect from
the date hereof through the earliest of the following dates, on which date
it shall terminate in its entirety:


(a)    the date of the closing of a firm commitment underwritten public
offering of the Common Stock pursuant to a registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and declared effective under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, that results in all outstanding
shares of Preferred Stock being converted into Common Stock; and


(b)    the date of the closing of an Acquisition, as defined in the
Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as in effect as
of the date hereof, as amended from time to time.


6.6    Ownership. Each Key Holder represents and warrant that he, she or it
is the sole legal and beneficial owner of those shares of Key Holder Stock
he or she currently holds subject to the Agreement and that no other person
has any interest (other than a community property interest) in such shares.


6.7    Notices. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery
to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or
facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient; if not,
then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or
(d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of
receipt. All communications shall be sent to the address appearing on the
books of the Company or at such other address or electronic mail address as
such party may designate by 10 days advance written notice to the other
parties hereto.


6.8    Severability. In the event one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.


6.9    Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. In the event that any action, suit or
other proceeding is instituted based upon or arising out of this Agreement
or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating to the
equity interests of the Purchaser in the Company (whether based on breach
of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory), the prevailing
party shall recover all of such party’s costs (including, but not limited
to expert witness costs) and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in each
such action, suit or other proceeding, including any and all appeals or
petitions therefrom.


6.10    Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Exhibits hereto, along
with the Purchase Agreement and the other documents delivered pursuant
thereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between
the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and thereof and no party
shall be liable or bound to any other in any manner by any oral or written
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements except as
specifically set forth herein and therein. Each party expressly represents
and warrants that it is not relying on any oral or written representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements outside of this Agreement.


6.11    Additional Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, if the Company shall issue additional shares of its
Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, any purchaser of such
shares of Preferred Stock may become a party to this Agreement by executing
and delivering an additional counterpart signature page to this Agreement
and shall be deemed an “Investor” hereunder.


6.12    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.


The foregoing Co-Sale Agreement is hereby executed as of the [EFFECTIVE
DATE].



                                  Exhibit A


                              LIST OF INVESTORS


                                  [FOUNDRY]


                                       


                                  Exhibit B


                             LIST OF KEY HOLDERS

|Name of Key     |Shares of Common    |
|Holder          |Stock               |
|                |                    |
|[[Founder 1]]   |[?]                 |
|                |                    |
|[[Founder 2]]   |[?]                 |





