
? , INC.


INVESTOR RIGHTS AGREEMENT


This Investor Rights Agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of the
? day of ? , 20__, by and among ? , Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), and the investors listed on Exhibit A hereto, referred to
hereinafter as the “Investors” and each individually as an “Investor.”


Recitals


Whereas, the Investors are purchasing shares of the Company’s Series A
Preferred Stock (the “Series A Stock”) pursuant to that certain Series A
Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) of even date
herewith (the “Financing”);


Whereas, the obligations in the Purchase Agreement are conditioned upon the
execution and delivery of this Agreement; and


Whereas, in connection with the consummation of the Financing, the parties
desire to enter into this Agreement in order to grant registration,
information rights and other rights to the Investors as set forth below.


Now, Therefore, in consideration of these premises and for other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:


Section 1.    GENERAL.


1.1    Definitions. As used in this Agreement the following terms shall
have the following respective meanings:


(a)    “Acquisition” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the Charter.


(b)    “Charter” shall mean the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation, as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on
___________, 20__, as amended from time to time.


(c)    “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended.


(d)    “Form S-3” means such form under the Securities Act as in effect on
the date hereof or any successor or similar registration form under the
Securities Act subsequently adopted by the SEC which permits inclusion or
incorporation of substantial information by reference to other documents
filed by the Company with the SEC.


(e)    “Holder” means any person owning of record Registrable Securities
that have not been sold to the public or any assignee of record of such
Registrable Securities in accordance with Section 2.9 hereof.


(f)    “Initial Offering” means the Company’s first firm commitment
underwritten public offering of its Common Stock registered under the
Securities Act.


(g)    “Register,” “registered,” and “registration” refer to a registration
effected by preparing and filing a registration statement in compliance
with the Securities Act, and the declaration or ordering of effectiveness
of such registration statement or document.


(h)    “Registrable Securities” means (a) Common Stock of the Company
issuable or issued upon conversion of the Shares and (b) any Common Stock
of the Company issued as (or issuable upon the conversion or exercise of
any warrant, right or other security which is issued as) a dividend or
other distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or in replacement
of, such above-described securities. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Registrable Securities shall not include any securities (i) sold by a
person to the public either pursuant to a registration statement or Rule
144, (ii) sold in a private transaction in which the transferor’s rights
under Section 2 of this Agreement are not assigned or (iii) held by a
Holder (together with its affiliates) if, as reflected on the Company’s
list of stockholders, such Holder (together with its affiliates) holds less
than one percent (1%) of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock (treating
all shares of Preferred Stock on an as converted basis), the Company has
completed its Initial Offering and all shares of Common Stock of the
Company issuable or issued upon conversion of the Shares held by and
issuable to such Holder (and its affiliates) may be sold pursuant to Rule
144 during any 90 day period.


(i)    “Registrable Securities then outstanding” shall be the number of
shares of the Company’s Common Stock that are Registrable Securities and
either (a) are then issued and outstanding or (b) are issuable pursuant to
then exercisable or convertible securities.


(j)    “Registration Expenses” shall mean all expenses incurred by the
Company in complying with Sections 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4 hereof, including,
without limitation, all registration and filing fees, printing expenses,
fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, reasonable fees and
disbursements not to exceed $35,000 of a single special counsel for the
Holders, blue sky fees and expenses and the expense of any special audits
incident to or required by any such registration (but excluding the
compensation of regular employees of the Company which shall be paid in any
event by the Company).


(k)    “SEC” or “Commission” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.


(l)    “Securities Act” shall mean the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


(m)    “Selling Expenses” shall mean all underwriting discounts and selling
commissions applicable to the sale.


(n)    “Series A Director” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in the
Charter.


(o)    “Shares” shall mean the Company’s Series A Stock issued pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement held from time to time by the Investors listed on
Exhibit A hereto and their permitted assigns.


(p)    “Special Registration Statement” shall mean (i) a registration
statement relating to any employee benefit plan or (ii) with respect to any
corporate reorganization or transaction under Rule 145 of the Securities
Act, any registration statements related to the issuance or resale of
securities issued in such a transaction or (iii) a registration related to
stock issued upon conversion of debt securities.


Section 2.    REGISTRATION; RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER.


2.2    Restrictions on Transfer.


(q)    Each Holder agrees not to make any disposition of all or any portion
of the Shares or Registrable Securities unless and until:


(i)    there is then in effect a registration statement under the
Securities Act covering such proposed disposition and such disposition is
made in accordance with such registration statement; or


(ii)    (A) The transferee has agreed in writing to be bound by the terms
of this Agreement, (B) such Holder shall have notified the Company of the
proposed disposition and shall have furnished the Company with a detailed
statement of the circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition, and
(C) if reasonably requested by the Company, such Holder shall have
furnished the Company with an opinion of counsel, reasonably satisfactory
to the Company, that such disposition will not require registration of such
shares under the Securities Act. It is agreed that the Company will not
require opinions of counsel for transactions made pursuant to Rule 144,
except in unusual circumstances. After its Initial Offering, the Company
will not require any transferee pursuant to Rule 144 to be bound by the
terms of this Agreement if the shares so transferred do not remain
Registrable Securities hereunder following such transfer.


(r)    Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (a) above, no such
restriction shall apply to a transfer by a Holder that is (A) a partnership
transferring to its partners or former partners in accordance with
partnership interests, (B) a venture fund transferring to its affiliated
funds or any of their respective directors, officers or partners, (C) a
corporation transferring to a wholly-owned subsidiary or a parent
corporation that owns all of the capital stock of the Holder, (D) a limited
liability company transferring to its members or former members in
accordance with their interest in the limited liability company, or (E) an
individual transferring to the Holder’s family member or trust for the
benefit of an individual Holder; provided that in each case the transferee
will agree in writing to be subject to the terms of this Agreement to the
same extent as if he were an original Holder hereunder.


(s)    Each certificate representing Shares or Registrable Securities shall
be stamped or otherwise imprinted with legends substantially similar to the
following (in addition to any legend required under applicable state
securities laws):


THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE “ACT”) AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED UNLESS AND UNTIL
REGISTERED UNDER THE ACT OR UNLESS THE COMPANY HAS RECEIVED AN OPINION OF
COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY AND ITS COUNSEL THAT SUCH REGISTRATION
IS NOT REQUIRED.


THE SALE, PLEDGE, HYPOTHECATION OR TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF A CERTAIN
INVestor rights agreement by and between the stockholder and the company.
Copies of such agreement may be obtained upon written request to the
secretary of the company.


(t)    The Company shall be obligated to reissue promptly unlegended
certificates at the request of any Holder thereof if the Company has
completed its Initial Offering and the Holder shall have obtained an
opinion of counsel (which counsel may be counsel to the Company) reasonably
acceptable to the Company to the effect that the securities proposed to be
disposed of may lawfully be so disposed of without registration,
qualification and legend, provided that the second legend listed above
shall be removed only at such time as the Holder of such certificate is no
longer subject to any restrictions hereunder.


(u)    Any legend endorsed on an instrument pursuant to applicable state
securities laws and the stop-transfer instructions with respect to such
securities shall be removed upon receipt by the Company of an order of the
appropriate blue sky authority authorizing such removal.


2.3    Demand Registration.


(v)    Subject to the conditions of this Section 2.2, if the Company shall
receive a written request from the Holders of a majority of the Registrable
Securities (the “Initiating Holders”) that the Company file a registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the registration of a majority
of the Registrable Securities then outstanding (or a lesser percent if the
anticipated aggregate offering price, net of underwriting discounts and
commissions, would exceed $10,000,000, then the Company shall, within 30
days of the receipt thereof, give written notice of such request to all
Holders, and subject to the limitations of this Section 2.2, effect, as
expeditiously as reasonably possible, the registration under the Securities
Act of all Registrable Securities that all Holders request to be
registered.


(w)    If the Initiating Holders intend to distribute the Registrable
Securities covered by their request by means of an underwriting, they shall
so advise the Company as a part of their request made pursuant to this
Section 2.2 or any request pursuant to Section 2.4 and the Company shall
include such information in the written notice referred to in
Section 2.2(a) or Section 2.4(a), as applicable. In such event, the right
of any Holder to include its Registrable Securities in such registration
shall be conditioned upon such Holder’s participation in such underwriting
and the inclusion of such Holder’s Registrable Securities in the
underwriting to the extent provided herein. All Holders proposing to
distribute their securities through such underwriting shall enter into an
underwriting agreement in customary form with the underwriter or
underwriters selected for such underwriting by the Holders of a majority of
the Registrable Securities held by all Initiating Holders (which
underwriter or underwriters shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company).
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 2.2 or Section 2.4, if
the underwriter advises the Company that marketing factors require a
limitation of the number of securities to be underwritten (including
Registrable Securities) then the Company shall so advise all Holders of
Registrable Securities that would otherwise be underwritten pursuant
hereto, and the number of shares that may be included in the underwriting
shall be allocated to the Holders of such Registrable Securities on a pro
rata basis based on the number of Registrable Securities held by all such
Holders (including the Initiating Holders); provided, however, that the
number of shares of Registrable Securities to be included in such
underwriting and registration shall not be reduced unless all other
securities of the Company are first entirely excluded from the underwriting
and registration. Any Registrable Securities excluded or withdrawn from
such underwriting shall be withdrawn from the registration.


(x)    The Company shall not be required to effect a registration pursuant
to this Section 2.2:


(iii)    prior to the earlier of (A) the third anniversary of the date of
this Agreement and (B) of the expiration of the restrictions on transfer
set forth in Section 2.11 following the Initial Offering;


(iv)    after the Company has effected two (2) registrations pursuant to
this Section 2.2, and such registrations have been declared or ordered
effective;


(v)    during the period starting with the date of filing of, and ending on
the date 180 days following the effective date of the registration
statement pertaining to the Initial Offering (or such longer period as may
be determined pursuant to Section 2.11 hereof); provided that the Company
makes reasonable good faith efforts to cause such registration statement to
become effective;


(vi)    if within 30 days of receipt of a written request from Initiating
Holders pursuant to Section 2.2(a), the Company gives notice to the Holders
of the Company’s intention to file a registration statement for a public
offering, other than pursuant to a Special Registration Statement, within
90 days;


(vii)    iif the Company shall furnish to Holders requesting a registration
statement pursuant to this Section 2.2 a certificate signed by the Chairman
of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) stating that in the
good faith judgment of the Board, it would be seriously detrimental to the
Company and its stockholders for such registration statement to be effected
at such time, in which event the Company shall have the right to defer such
filing for a period of not more than 90 days after receipt of the request
of the Initiating Holders; provided that such right to delay a request
shall be exercised by the Company not more than twice in any 12-month
period;


(viii)    if the Initiating Holders propose to dispose of shares of
Registrable Securities that may be immediately registered on Form S-3
pursuant to a request made pursuant to Section 2.4 below; or


(ix)    in any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would be
required to qualify to do business or to execute a general consent to
service of process in effecting such registration, qualification or
compliance.


2.4    Piggyback Registrations. The Company shall notify all Holders of
Registrable Securities in writing at least 15 days prior to the filing of
any registration statement under the Securities Act for purposes of a
public offering of securities of the Company (including, but not limited
to, registration statements relating to secondary offerings of securities
of the Company, but excluding Special Registration Statements) and will
afford each such Holder an opportunity to include in such registration
statement all or part of such Registrable Securities held by such Holder.
Each Holder desiring to include in any such registration statement all or
any part of the Registrable Securities held by it shall, within 15 days
after the above-described notice from the Company, so notify the Company in
writing. Such notice shall state the intended method of disposition of the
Registrable Securities by such Holder. If a Holder decides not to include
all of its Registrable Securities in any registration statement thereafter
filed by the Company, such Holder shall nevertheless continue to have the
right to include any Registrable Securities in any subsequent registration
statement or registration statements as may be filed by the Company with
respect to offerings of its securities, all upon the terms and conditions
set forth herein.


(y)    Underwriting. If the registration statement of which the Company
gives notice under this Section 2.3 is for an underwritten offering, the
Company shall so advise the Holders of Registrable Securities. In such
event, the right of any such Holder to include Registrable Securities in a
registration pursuant to this Section 2.3 shall be conditioned upon such
Holder’s participation in such underwriting and the inclusion of such
Holder’s Registrable Securities in the underwriting to the extent provided
herein. All Holders proposing to distribute their Registrable Securities
through such underwriting shall enter into an underwriting agreement in
customary form with the underwriter or underwriters selected for such
underwriting by the Company. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, if the underwriter determines in good faith that marketing
factors require a limitation of the number of shares to be underwritten,
the number of shares that may be included in the underwriting shall be
allocated, first, to the Company; second, to the Holders on a pro rata
basis based on the total number of Registrable Securities held by the
Holders; and third, to any stockholder of the Company (other than a Holder)
on a pro rata basis; provided, however, that no such reduction shall reduce
the amount of securities of the selling Holders included in the
registration below 30% of the total amount of securities included in such
registration, unless such offering is the Initial Offering and such
registration does not include shares of any other selling stockholders, in
which event any or all of the Registrable Securities of the Holders may be
excluded in accordance with the immediately preceding clause. In no event
will shares of any other selling stockholder be included in such
registration that would reduce the number of shares which may be included
by Holders without the written consent of Holders of not less than a
majority of the Registrable Securities proposed to be sold in the offering.
If any Holder disapproves of the terms of any such underwriting, such
Holder may elect to withdraw therefrom by written notice to the Company and
the underwriter, delivered at least 10 business days prior to the effective
date of the registration statement. Any Registrable Securities excluded or
withdrawn from such underwriting shall be excluded and withdrawn from the
registration. For any Holder which is a partnership, limited liability
company or corporation, the partners, retired partners, members, retired
members and stockholders of such Holder, or the estates and family members
of any such partners, retired partners, members and retired members and any
trusts for the benefit of any of the foregoing person shall be deemed to be
a single “Holder,” and any pro rata reduction with respect to such “Holder”
shall be based upon the aggregate amount of shares carrying registration
rights owned by all entities and individuals included in such “Holder,” as
defined in this sentence.


(z)    Right to Terminate Registration. The Company shall have the right to
terminate or withdraw any registration initiated by it under this
Section 2.3 whether or not any Holder has elected to include securities in
such registration and shall promptly notify any Holder that has elected to
include shares in such registration of such termination or withdrawal. The
Registration Expenses of such withdrawn registration shall be borne by the
Company in accordance with Section 2.5 hereof.


2.5    Form S-3 Registration. In case the Company shall receive from any
Holder or Holders of Registrable Securities a written request or requests
that the Company effect a registration on Form S-3 (or any successor
to Form S-3) or any similar short-form registration statement and any
related qualification or compliance with respect to all or a part of the
Registrable Securities owned by such Holder or Holders, the Company will:


(aa)    promptly give written notice of the proposed registration, and any
related qualification or compliance, to all other Holders of Registrable
Securities; and


(ab)    as soon as practicable, effect such registration and all such
qualifications and compliances as may be so requested and as would permit
or facilitate the sale and distribution of all or such portion of such
Holder’s or Holders’ Registrable Securities as are specified in such
request, together with all or such portion of the Registrable Securities of
any other Holder or Holders joining in such request as are specified in a
written request given within fifteen (15) days after receipt of such
written notice from the Company; provided, however, that the Company shall
not be obligated to effect any such registration, qualification or
compliance pursuant to this Section 2.4:


(x)    if Form S-3 is not available for such offering by the Holders, or


(xi)    if the Holders, together with the holders of any other securities
of the Company entitled to inclusion in such registration, propose to sell
Registrable Securities and such other securities (if any) at an aggregate
price to the public of less than $1,000,000, or


(xii)    if within 30 days of receipt of a written request from any Holder
or Holders pursuant to this Section 2.4, the Company gives notice to such
Holder or Holders of the Company’s intention to make a public offering
within 90 days, other than pursuant to a Special Registration Statement;


(xiii)    if the Company shall furnish to the Holders a certificate signed
by the Chairman of the Board stating that in the good faith judgment of the
Board, it would be seriously detrimental to the Company and its
stockholders for such Form S-3 registration to be effected at such time, in
which event the Company shall have the right to defer the filing of the
Form S-3 registration statement for a period of not more than 90 days after
receipt of the request of the Holder or Holders under this Section 2.4;
provided, that such right to delay a request shall be exercised by the
Company not more than twice in any 12 month period, or


(xiv)    if the Company has, within the 12 month period preceding the date
of such request, already effected two (2) registrations on Form S-3 for the
Holders pursuant to this Section 2.4, or


(xv)    in any particular jurisdiction in which the Company would be
required to qualify to do business or to execute a general consent to
service of process in effecting such registration, qualification or
compliance.


(ac)    Subject to the foregoing, the Company shall file a Form S-3
registration statement covering the Registrable Securities and other
securities so requested to be registered as soon as practicable after
receipt of the requests of the Holders. Registrations effected pursuant to
this Section 2.4 shall not be counted as demands for registration or
registrations effected pursuant to Section 2.2. All Registration Expenses
incurred in connection with registrations requested pursuant to this
Section 2.4 after the first two (2) registrations shall be paid by the
selling Holders pro rata in proportion to the number of shares to be sold
by each such Holder in any such registration.


2.6    Expenses of Registration. Except as specifically provided herein,
all Registration Expenses incurred in connection with any registration,
qualification or compliance pursuant to Section 2.2, 2.3 or 2.4 herein
shall be borne by the Company. All Selling Expenses incurred in connection
with any registrations hereunder, shall be borne by the holders of the
securities so registered pro rata on the basis of the number of shares so
registered. The Company shall not, however, be required to pay for expenses
of any registration proceeding begun pursuant to Section 2.2 or 2.4, the
request of which has been subsequently withdrawn by the Initiating Holders
unless (a) the withdrawal is based upon material adverse information
concerning the Company of which the Initiating Holders were not aware at
the time of such request or (b) the Holders of a majority of Registrable
Securities agree to deem such registration to have been effected as of the
date of such withdrawal for purposes of determining whether the Company
shall be obligated pursuant to Section 2.2(c) or 2.4(b)(5), as applicable,
to undertake any subsequent registration, in which event such right shall
be forfeited by all Holders). If the Holders are required to pay the
Registration Expenses, such expenses shall be borne by the holders of
securities (including Registrable Securities) requesting such registration
in proportion to the number of shares for which registration was requested.
If the Company is required to pay the Registration Expenses of a withdrawn
offering pursuant to clause (a) above, then such registration shall not be
deemed to have been effected for purposes of determining whether the
Company shall be obligated pursuant to Section 2.2(c) or 2.4(b)(5), as
applicable, to undertake any subsequent registration.


2.7    Obligations of the Company. Whenever required to effect the
registration of any Registrable Securities, the Company shall, as
expeditiously as reasonably possible:


(ad)    prepare and file with the SEC a registration statement with respect
to such Registrable Securities and use all reasonable efforts to cause such
registration statement to become effective, and, upon the request of the
Holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities registered thereunder,
keep such registration statement effective for up to 30 days or, if
earlier, until the Holder or Holders have completed the distribution
related thereto; provided, however, that at any time, upon written notice
to the participating Holders and for a period not to exceed 60 days
thereafter (the “Suspension Period”), the Company may delay the filing or
effectiveness of any registration statement or suspend the use or
effectiveness of any registration statement (and the Initiating Holders
hereby agree not to offer or sell any Registrable Securities pursuant to
such registration statement during the Suspension Period) if the Company
reasonably believes that there is or may be in existence material nonpublic
information or events involving the Company, the failure of which to be
disclosed in the prospectus included in the registration statement could
result in a Violation (as defined below). In the event that the Company
shall exercise its right to delay or suspend the filing or effectiveness of
a registration hereunder, the applicable time period during which the
registration statement is to remain effective shall be extended by a period
of time equal to the duration of the Suspension Period. The Company may
extend the Suspension Period for an additional consecutive 60 days with the
consent of the holders of a majority of the Registrable Securities
registered under the applicable registration statement, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld. If so directed by the Company, all Holders
registering shares under such registration statement shall (i) not offer to
sell any Registrable Securities pursuant to the registration statement
during the period in which the delay or suspension is in effect after
receiving notice of such delay or suspension; and (ii) use their best
efforts to deliver to the Company (at the Company’s expense) all copies,
other than permanent file copies then in such Holders’ possession, of the
prospectus relating to such Registrable Securities current at the time of
receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall
not be required to file, cause to become effective or maintain the
effectiveness of any registration statement other than a registration
statement on Form S-3 that contemplates a distribution of securities on a
delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act.


(ae)    Prepare and file with the SEC such amendments and supplements to
such registration statement and the prospectus used in connection with such
registration statement as may be necessary to comply with the provisions of
the Securities Act with respect to the disposition of all securities
covered by such registration statement for the period set forth in
subsection (a) above.


(af)    Furnish to the Holders such number of copies of a prospectus,
including a preliminary prospectus, in conformity with the requirements of
the Securities Act, and such other documents as they may reasonably request
in order to facilitate the disposition of Registrable Securities owned by
them.


(ag)    Use its reasonable efforts to register and qualify the securities
covered by such registration statement under such other securities or Blue
Sky laws of such jurisdictions as shall be reasonably requested by the
Holders; provided that the Company shall not be required in connection
therewith or as a condition thereto to qualify to do business or to file a
general consent to service of process in any such states or jurisdictions.


(ah)    In the event of any underwritten public offering, enter into and
perform its obligations under an underwriting agreement, in usual and
customary form, with the managing underwriter(s) of such offering. Each
Holder participating in such underwriting shall also enter into and perform
its obligations under such an agreement.


(ai)    Notify each Holder of Registrable Securities covered by such
registration statement at any time when a prospectus relating thereto is
required to be delivered under the Securities Act of the happening of any
event as a result of which the prospectus included in such registration
statement, as then in effect, includes an untrue statement of a material
fact or omits to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary to make the statements therein not misleading in the light of the
circumstances then existing. The Company will use reasonable efforts to
amend or supplement such prospectus in order to cause such prospectus not
to include any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading in the light of the circumstances then
existing.


(aj)    Use its reasonable efforts to furnish, on the date that such
Registrable Securities are delivered to the underwriters for sale, if such
securities are being sold through underwriters, (i) an opinion, dated as of
such date, of the counsel representing the Company for the purposes of such
registration, in form and substance as is customarily given to underwriters
in an underwritten public offering, addressed to the underwriters, if any,
and (ii) a letter, dated as of such date, from the independent certified
public accountants of the Company, in form and substance as is customarily
given by independent certified public accountants to underwriters in an
underwritten public offering addressed to the underwriters.


(ak)    Use its reasonable efforts to cause all such Registrable Securities
covered by such registration statement to be listed on a national
securities exchange or trading system and each securities exchange and
trading system (if any) on which similar securities issued by the Company
are then listed.


(al)    Provide a transfer agent and registrar for all Registrable
Securities registered pursuant to this Agreement and provide a CUSIP number
for all such Registrable Securities, in each case not later than the
effective date of such registration.


(am)    Promptly make available for inspection by the selling Holders, any
underwriter participating in any disposition pursuant to such registration
statement, and any attorney or accountant or other agent retained by any
such underwriter or selected by the selling Holders, all financial and
other records, pertinent corporate documents, and properties of the
Company, and cause the Company’s officers, directors, employees, and
independent accountants to supply all information reasonably requested by
any such seller, underwriter, attorney, accountant, or agent in connection
with any such registration statement.


2.8    Delay of Registration; Furnishing Information.


(an)    No Holder shall have any right to obtain or seek an injunction
restraining or otherwise delaying any such registration as the result of
any controversy that might arise with respect to the interpretation or
implementation of this Section 2.


(ao)    It shall be a condition precedent to the obligations of the Company
to take any action pursuant to Section 2.2, 2.3 or 2.4 that the selling
Holders shall furnish to the Company such information regarding themselves,
the Registrable Securities held by them and the intended method of
disposition of such securities as shall be required to effect the
registration of their Registrable Securities.


(ap)    The Company shall have no obligation with respect to any
registration requested pursuant to Section 2.2 or Section 2.4 if the number
of shares or the anticipated aggregate offering price of the Registrable
Securities to be included in the registration does not equal or exceed the
number of shares or the anticipated aggregate offering price required to
originally trigger the Company’s obligation to initiate such registration
as specified in Section 2.2 or Section 2.4, whichever is applicable.


2.9    Indemnification. In the event any Registrable Securities are
included in a registration statement under Sections 2.2, 2.3 or 2.4:


(aq)    To the extent permitted by law, the Company will indemnify and hold
harmless each Holder, the partners, members, officers and directors of each
Holder, any underwriter (as defined in the Securities Act) for such Holder
and each person, if any, who controls such Holder or underwriter within the
meaning of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, against any losses,
claims, damages, or liabilities (joint or several) to which they may become
subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or
state law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages or liabilities (or
actions in respect thereof) arise out of or are based upon any of the
following statements, omissions or violations (collectively a “Violation”)
by the Company: (i) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact contained in such registration statement or incorporated
reference therein, including any preliminary prospectus or final prospectus
contained therein or any amendments or supplements thereto, (ii) the
omission or alleged omission to state therein a material fact required to
be stated therein, or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged violation by the Company of
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, any state securities law or any rule
or regulation promulgated under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any
state securities law in connection with the offering covered by such
registration statement; and the Company will reimburse each such Holder,
partner, member, officer, director, underwriter or controlling person for
any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by them in connection with
investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or
action; provided however, that the indemnity agreement contained in this
Section 2.8(a) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any such
loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is effected
without the consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, nor shall the Company be liable in any such case for any such
loss, claim, damage, liability or action to the extent that it arises out
of or is based upon a Violation which occurs in reliance upon and in
conformity with written information furnished expressly for use in
connection with such registration by such Holder, partner, member, officer,
director, underwriter or controlling person of such Holder.


(ar)    To the extent permitted by law, each Holder will, if Registrable
Securities held by such Holder are included in the securities as to which
such registration qualifications or compliance is being effected, indemnify
and hold harmless the Company, each of its directors, its officers and each
person, if any, who controls the Company within the meaning of the
Securities Act, any underwriter and any other Holder selling securities
under such registration statement or any of such other Holder’s partners,
directors or officers or any person who controls such Holder, against any
losses, claims, damages or liabilities (joint or several) to which the
Company or any such director, officer, controlling person, underwriter or
other such Holder, or partner, director, officer or controlling person of
such other Holder may become subject under the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act or other federal or state law, insofar as such losses, claims, damages
or liabilities (or actions in respect thereto) arise out of or are based
upon any of the following statements: (i) any untrue statement or alleged
untrue statement of a material fact contained in such registration
statement or incorporated reference therein, including any preliminary
prospectus or final prospectus contained therein or any amendments or
supplements thereto, (ii) the omission or alleged omission to state therein
a material fact required to be stated therein, or necessary to make the
statements therein not misleading, or (iii) any violation or alleged
violation by the Company of the Securities Act (collectively, a “Holder
Violation”), in each case to the extent (and only to the extent) that such
Holder Violation occurs in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished by such Holder under an instrument duly executed by
such Holder and stated to be specifically for use in connection with such
registration; and each such Holder will reimburse any legal or other
expenses reasonably incurred by the Company or any such director, officer,
controlling person, underwriter or other Holder, or partner, officer,
director or controlling person of such other Holder in connection with
investigating or defending any such loss, claim, damage, liability or
action if it is judicially determined that there was such a Holder
Violation; provided, however, that the indemnity agreement contained in
this Section 2.8(b) shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any
such loss, claim, damage, liability or action if such settlement is
effected without the consent of the Holder, which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld; provided further, that in no event shall any
indemnity under this Section 2.8 exceed the net proceeds from the offering
received by such Holder.


(as)    Promptly after receipt by an indemnified party under this
Section 2.8 of notice of the commencement of any action (including any
governmental action), such indemnified party will, if a claim in respect
thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this
Section 2.8, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the
commencement thereof and the indemnifying party shall have the right to
participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires,
jointly with any other indemnifying party similarly noticed, to assume the
defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the parties;
provided, however, that an indemnified party shall have the right to retain
its own counsel, with the fees and expenses thereof to be paid by the
indemnifying party, if representation of such indemnified party by the
counsel retained by the indemnifying party would be inappropriate due to
actual or potential differing interests between such indemnified party and
any other party represented by such counsel in such proceeding. The failure
to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable
time of the commencement of any such action shall relieve such indemnifying
party of any liability to the indemnified party under this Section 2.8 to
the extent, and only to the extent, prejudicial to its ability to defend
such action, but the omission so to deliver written notice to the
indemnifying party will not relieve it of any liability that it may have to
any indemnified party otherwise than under this Section 2.8.


(at)    If the indemnification provided for in this Section 2.8 is held by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be unavailable to an indemnified party
with respect to any losses, claims, damages or liabilities referred to
herein, the indemnifying party, in lieu of indemnifying such indemnified
party thereunder, shall to the extent permitted by applicable law
contribute to the amount paid or payable by such indemnified party as a
result of such loss, claim, damage or liability in such proportion as is
appropriate to reflect the relative fault of the indemnifying party on the
one hand and of the indemnified party on the other in connection with the
Violation(s) or Holder Violation(s) that resulted in such loss, claim,
damage or liability, as well as any other relevant equitable
considerations. The relative fault of the indemnifying party and of the
indemnified party shall be determined by a court of law by reference to,
among other things, whether the untrue or alleged untrue statement of a
material fact or the omission to state a material fact relates to
information supplied by the indemnifying party or by the indemnified party
and the parties’ relative intent, knowledge, access to information and
opportunity to correct or prevent such statement or omission; provided,
that in no event shall any contribution by a Holder hereunder exceed the
net proceeds from the offering received by such Holder.


(au)    The obligations of the Company and Holders under this Section 2.8
shall survive completion of any offering of Registrable Securities in a
registration statement and, with respect to liability arising from an
offering to which this Section 2.8 would apply that is covered by a
registration filed before termination of this Agreement, such termination.
No indemnifying party, in the defense of any such claim or litigation,
shall, except with the consent of each indemnified party, consent to entry
of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does not include as an
unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such
Indemnified Party of a release from all liability in respect to such claim
or litigation.


2.10    Assignment of Registration Rights. The rights to cause the Company
to register Registrable Securities pursuant to this Section 2 may be
assigned by a Holder to a transferee or assignee of Registrable Securities
(for so long as such shares remain Registrable Securities) that (a) is a
subsidiary, parent, general partner, limited partner, retired partner,
member or retired member of a Holder that is a corporation, partnership or
limited liability company, (b) is a Holder’s family member or trust for the
benefit of an individual Holder, (c) acquires at least [?] shares of
Registrable Securities (as adjusted for stock splits and combinations); (d)
is an entity affiliated by common control (or other related entity) with
such Holder; or (e) is itself a Holder; provided, however, (i) the
transferor shall, within 10 days after such transfer, furnish to the
Company written notice of the name and address of such transferee or
assignee and the securities with respect to which such registration rights
are being assigned and (ii) such transferee shall agree to be subject to
all restrictions set forth in this Agreement.


2.11    Limitation on Subsequent Registration Rights. Other than as
provided in Section 5.10, after the date of this Agreement, the Company
shall not enter into any agreement with any holder or prospective holder of
any securities of the Company that would grant such holder rights to demand
the registration of shares of the Company’s capital stock, or to include
such shares in a registration statement that would reduce the number of
shares includable by the Holders.


2.12    “Market Stand-Off” Agreement. Each Holder hereby agrees that such
Holder shall not sell, transfer, make any short sale of, grant any option
for the purchase of, or enter into any hedging or similar transaction with
the same economic effect as a sale, any Common Stock (or other securities)
of the Company held by such Holder (other than those included in the
registration) the 180-day period following the effective date of the
Initial Offering (or such longer period, not to exceed 34 days after the
expiration of the 180-day period, as the underwriters or the Company shall
request in order to facilitate compliance with FINRA Rule 2711); provided,
that, all officers and directors of the Company and holders of at least one
percent (1%) of the Company’s voting securities are bound by and have
entered into similar agreements. The obligations described in this Section
2.11 shall not apply to a Special Registration Statement.


2.13    Agreement to Furnish Information. Each Holder agrees to execute and
deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company
or the underwriter that are consistent with the Holder’s obligations under
Section 2.11 or that are necessary to give further effect thereto. In
addition, if requested by the Company or the representative of the
underwriters of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company, each
Holder shall provide, within ten (10) days of such request, such
information as may be required by the Company or such representative in
connection with the completion of any public offering of the Company’s
securities pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities
Act. The obligations described in Section 2.11 and this Section 2.12 shall
not apply to a Special Registration Statement. The Company may impose stop-
transfer instructions with respect to the shares of Common Stock (or other
securities) subject to the foregoing restriction until the end of said day
period. Each Holder agrees that any transferee of any shares of Registrable
Securities shall be bound by Sections 2.11 and 2.12. The underwriters of
the Company’s stock are intended third party beneficiaries of Sections 2.11
and 2.12 and shall have the right, power and authority to enforce the
provisions hereof as though they were a party hereto.


2.14    Rule 144 Reporting. With a view to making available to the Holders
the benefits of certain rules and regulations of the SEC which may permit
the sale of the Registrable Securities to the public without registration,
the Company agrees to use its best efforts to:


(av)    Make and keep public information available, as those terms are
understood and defined in SEC Rule 144 or any similar or analogous rule
promulgated under the Securities Act, at all times after the effective date
of the first registration filed by the Company for an offering of its
securities to the general public;


(aw)    File with the SEC, in a timely manner, all reports and other
documents required of the Company under the Exchange Act; and


(ax)    So long as a Holder owns any Registrable Securities, furnish to
such Holder forthwith upon request: a written statement by the Company as
to its compliance with the reporting requirements of said Rule 144 of the
Securities Act, and of the Exchange Act (at any time after it has become
subject to such reporting requirements); a copy of the most recent annual
or quarterly report of the Company filed with the Commission; and such
other reports and documents as a Holder may reasonably request in
connection with availing itself of any rule or regulation of the SEC
allowing it to sell any such securities without registration.


Section 3.    COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY.


3.15    Basic Financial Information and Reporting.


(ay)    The Company will maintain true books and records of account in
which full and correct entries will be made of all its business
transactions pursuant to a system of accounting established and
administered in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
consistently applied (except as noted therein), and will set aside on its
books all such proper accruals and reserves as shall be required under
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied.


(az)    Unless waived by the Board (including the affirmative vote of the
Series A Director), the Company will furnish each Investor, as soon as
practicable after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, and in any
event within 120 days thereafter, a balance sheet of the Company, as at the
end of such fiscal year, and a statement of income and a statement of cash
flows of the Company, for such year, all prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (except as
noted therein) and setting forth in each case in comparative form the
figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail. Such
financial statements shall be accompanied by a report and opinion thereon
by independent public accountants selected by the Board.


(ba)    Unless waived by the Board (including the affirmative vote of the
Series A Director), so long as an Investor (together with its affiliates)
shall own not less than [?] shares of Registrable Securities (subject to
adjustment for any stock split, reverse stock split or other similar event
affecting the Registrable Securities after the date hereof) (a “Major
Investor”), the Company will furnish each such Major Investor, as soon as
practicable after the end of the first, second and third quarterly
accounting periods in each fiscal year of the Company, and in any event
within 45 days thereafter, a balance sheet of the Company as of the end of
each such quarterly period and a statement of income and a statement of
cash flows of the Company for such period and for the current fiscal year
to date, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles consistently applied (except as noted therein), with the
exception that no notes need be attached to such statements and year-end
audit adjustments may not have been made.


(bb)    Unless waived by the Board (including the affirmative vote of the
Series A Director), the Company will furnish each Major Investor: (i) at
least 30 days prior to the beginning of each fiscal year an annual budget
and operating plans for such fiscal year approved by the Board (and as soon
as available, any subsequent written revisions thereto); and (ii) as soon
as practicable after the end of each month, and in any event within 20 days
thereafter, a balance sheet of the Company as of the end of each such
month, and a statement of income and a statement of cash flows of the
Company for such month and for the current fiscal year to date, including a
comparison to plan figures for such period, prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied (except as
noted thereon), with the exception that no notes need be attached to such
statements and year-end audit adjustments may not have been made.


3.16    Inspection Rights. Each Major Investor shall have the right to
visit and inspect any of the properties of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, and to discuss the affairs, finances and accounts of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries with its officers, and to review such
information as is reasonably requested all at such reasonable times and as
often as may be reasonably requested; provided, however, that the Company
shall not be obligated under this Section 3.2 with respect to a competitor
of the Company or with respect to information that the Board determines in
good faith is confidential or attorney-client privileged and should not,
therefore, be disclosed.


3.17    Confidentiality of Records. Each Investor agrees to use the same
degree of care as such Investor uses to protect its own confidential
information to keep confidential any information furnished to such Investor
pursuant to Section 3.1 and 3.2 hereof that the Company identifies as being
confidential or proprietary (so long as such information is not in the
public domain), except that such Investor may disclose such proprietary or
confidential information (i) to any partner, subsidiary or parent of such
Investor as long as such partner, subsidiary or parent is advised of and
agrees or has agreed to be bound by the confidentiality provisions of this
Section 3.3 or comparable restrictions; (ii) at such time as it enters the
public domain through no fault of such Investor; (iii) that is communicated
to it free of any obligation of confidentiality; (iv) that is developed by
Investor or its agents independently of and without reference to any
confidential information communicated by the Company; or (v) as required by
applicable law.


3.18    Reservation of Common Stock. The Company will at all times reserve
and keep available, solely for issuance and delivery upon the conversion of
the Preferred Stock, all Common Stock issuable from time to time upon such
conversion.


3.19    Stock Vesting. Unless otherwise approved by the Board, all stock
options and other stock equivalents issued after the date of this Agreement
to employees, directors, consultants and other service providers shall be
subject to vesting as follows: (a)  25% of such stock shall vest at the end
of the first year following the earlier of the date of issuance or such
person’s services commencement date with the company, and (b) 75% of such
stock shall vest in equal monthly installments over the remaining three (3)
years. Unless otherwise approved by the Board, no stock options or other
stock equivalents issued after the date of this Agreement to employees,
directors, consultants and other service providers shall provide for
acceleration or other changes in the vesting provisions of other terms of
such agreement or understanding as a result of (i) termination of
employment or consulting services (whether actual or constructive); (ii)
any merger, consolidation, sale of stock or assets, change of control or
any other transaction(s) by the Company; or (iii) the occurrence of any
other event of combination of events.


3.20    Visitation Rights. The Company shall allow one representative
designated by Foundry [Foundry] (“Foundry”) to attend all meetings of the
Board and committees thereof in a nonvoting capacity, and in connection
therewith, the Company shall give such representative copies of all
notices, minutes, consents and other materials, financial or otherwise,
that the Company provides to its Board; provided, however, that the Company
reserves the right to exclude such representative from access to any
material or meeting or portion thereof if the Company believes upon advice
of counsel that such exclusion is reasonably necessary to preserve the
attorney-client privilege, to protect highly confidential information or
for other similar reasons. The decision of the Board with respect to the
privileged or confidential nature of such information shall be final and
binding.


3.21    Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement. The Company shall
require all employees and consultants to execute and deliver a Proprietary
Information and Inventions Agreement, that, in the case of employees
contains a one-year non-competition agreement (unless the employee resides
in the State of California), substantially in a form approved by the
Company’s counsel or Board.


3.22    Assignment of Right of First Refusal. The Company’s Bylaws shall
[contain a right of first refusal on all transfers of Common
Stock][prohibit all transfers of Common Stock without the consent of the
Board], subject to customary exceptions. In the event that the Company
elects not to exercise any right of first refusal the Company may have on a
proposed transfer of any of the Company’s outstanding capital stock
pursuant to the Company’s charter documents, by contract or otherwise, the
Company shall, to the extent it may do so, assign such right of first
refusal or right of first offer to each Major Investor within 15 days of
receiving notice of such proposed transfer. In the event of such
assignment, each Major Investor shall have a right to purchase its pro rata
portion of the capital stock proposed to be transferred. For purposes of
this Section 3.7, each Major Investor’s pro rata portion shall be equal to
the product obtained by multiplying (a) the aggregate number of shares
proposed to be transferred by (b) a fraction, the numerator of which is the
number of shares of Registrable Securities held by such Major Investor at
the time of the proposed transfer and the denominator of which is the total
number of Registrable Securities owned by all Major Investors at the time
of such proposed transfer.


3.23    Expenses; Compensation. The Company shall reimburse the reasonable
out-of-pocket travel expenses of each director incurred in connection with
attendance at meetings of the Board or any committee thereof and with
attendance at other meetings or events attended on behalf of the Company at
the Company’s request.


3.24    Obligations of Management. The Company will use its best efforts to
ensure that all officers of the Company shall devote 100% of their
professional time to the Company. Any other professional activity by any
officer of the Company shall require the approval of the Board.


3.25    Directors’ Liability and Indemnification. The Company’s Certificate
of Incorporation and Bylaws shall provide (a) for elimination of the
liability of director to the maximum extent permitted by law and (b) for
indemnification of directors for acts on behalf of the Company to the
maximum extent permitted by law. In addition, the Company shall enter into
and use its best efforts to at all times maintain indemnification
agreements with each of its directors to indemnify such directors to the
maximum extent permissible under applicable law. In the event that the
Company completes an Acquisition, proper provisions shall be made so that
the Company’s successor assumes the Company’s obligations with respect to
the indemnification of directors.


3.26    Right to Conduct Activities. The Company and each Investor hereby
agree and acknowledge that some or all of the Investors are professional
investment funds, and as such invest in numerous portfolio companies, some
of which may be competitive with the Company’s business. The Company and
each Investor hereby agree that, to the extent permitted under applicable
law, no Investor shall be liable to the Company or to any other Investor
for any claim arising out of, or based upon, (a) the investment by an
Investor in any entity competitive with the Company or (b) actions taken by
any partner, officer or other representative of any Investor to assist any
such competitive company, whether or not such action was taken as a member
of the board of directors of such competitive company or otherwise, and
whether or not such action has a detrimental effect on the Company;
provided, however, that the foregoing shall not relieve any Investor or any
party from liability associated with the misuse of the Company’s
confidential information obtained pursuant to Sections 3.1, 3.2 or 3.6.


3.27    Termination of Covenants. All covenants of the Company contained in
Section 3 of this Agreement (other than the provisions of Section 3.3 and
3.11) shall expire and terminate as to each Investor upon the earlier of
(a) the effective date of the registration statement pertaining to an
Initial Offering that results in the Preferred Stock being converted into
Common Stock and (b) upon an Acquisition.


Section 4.    PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS.


4.28    Subsequent Offerings. Subject to applicable securities laws, each
Major Investor shall have a preemptive right to purchase its pro rata share
of all Equity Securities, as defined below, that the Company may, from time
to time, propose to sell and issue after the date of this Agreement, other
than the Equity Securities excluded by Section 4.7 hereof. Each Major
Investor’s pro rata share is equal to the ratio of (a) the number of shares
of the Company’s Common Stock (including all shares of Common Stock
issuable or issued upon conversion of the Shares or upon the exercise of
outstanding warrants or options) of which such Major Investor is deemed to
be a holder immediately prior to the issuance of such Equity Securities to
(b) the total number of shares of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock
(including all shares of Common Stock issued or issuable upon conversion of
the Shares or upon the exercise of any outstanding warrants or options)
immediately prior to the issuance of the Equity Securities. The term
“Equity Securities” shall mean (i) any Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
other security of the Company, (ii) any security convertible into or
exercisable or exchangeable for, with or without consideration, any Common
Stock, Preferred Stock or other security (including any option to purchase
such a convertible security), (iii) any security carrying any warrant or
right to subscribe to or purchase any Common Stock, Preferred Stock or
other security or (iv) any such warrant or right.


4.29    Exercise of Rights. If the Company proposes to issue any Equity
Securities, it shall give each Major Investor written notice of its
intention, describing the Equity Securities, the price and the terms and
conditions upon which the Company proposes to issue the same. Each Major
Investor shall have 15 days from the giving of such notice to agree to
purchase its pro rata share of the Equity Securities for the price and upon
the terms and conditions specified in the notice by giving written notice
to the Company and stating therein the quantity of Equity Securities to be
purchased. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not be required
to offer or sell such Equity Securities to any Major Investor who would
cause the Company to be in violation of applicable federal securities laws
by virtue of such offer or sale.


4.30    Issuance of Equity Securities to Other Persons. If not all of the
Major Investors elect to purchase their pro rata share of the Equity
Securities, then the Company shall promptly notify in writing the Major
Investors who do so elect and shall offer such Major Investors the right to
acquire such unsubscribed shares on a pro rata basis. The Major Investors
shall have five (5) days after receipt of such notice to notify the Company
of its election to purchase all or a portion thereof of the unsubscribed
shares. The Company shall have 90 days thereafter to sell the Equity
Securities in respect of which the Major Investor’s rights were not
exercised, at a price not lower and and upon general terms and conditions
not materially more favorable to the purchasers thereof than specified in
the Company’s notice to the Major Investors pursuant to Section 4.2 hereof.
If the Company has not sold such Equity Securities within 90 days of the
notice provided pursuant to Section 4.2, the Company shall not thereafter
issue or sell any Equity Securities, without first offering such securities
to the Major Investors in the manner provided above.


4.31    Sale Without Notice. In lieu of giving notice to the Major
Investors prior to the issuance of Equity Securities as provided in Section
4.2, the Company may elect to give notice to the Major Investors within 30
days after the issuance of Equity Securities. Such notice shall describe
the type, price and terms of the Equity Securities. Each Major Investor
shall have 20 days from the date of receipt of such notice to elect to
purchase up to the number of shares that would, if purchased by such Major
Investor, maintain such Major Investor’s pro rata share (as set forth in
Section 4.1) of the Company’s equity securities after giving effect to all
such purchases. The closing of such sale shall occur within 60 days of the
date of notice to the Major Investors.


4.32    Termination and Waiver of Preemptive Rights. The preemptive rights
established by this Section 4 shall not apply to, and shall terminate upon
the earlier of (a) the effective date of the registration statement
pertaining to the Company’s Initial Offering that results in the Preferred
Stock being converted into Common Stock and (b) an Acquisition.
Notwithstanding Section 5.5 hereof, the preemptive rights established by
this Section 4 may be amended, or any provision waived with and only with
the written consent of the Company and the Major Investors holding a
majority of the Registrable Securities held by all Major Investors, or as
permitted by Section 5.5.


4.33    Assignment of Preemptive Rights. The preemptive rights of each
Major Investor under this Section 4 may be assigned to the same parties,
subject to the same restrictions as any transfer of registration rights
pursuant to Section 2.9.


4.34    Excluded Securities. The preemptive rights established by this
Section 4 shall have no application to any of the following Equity
Securities:


(bc)    shares of Common Stock and/or options, warrants or other Common
Stock purchase rights and the Common Stock issued pursuant to such options,
warrants or other rights issued or to be issued after the date hereof to
employees, officers or directors of, or consultants or advisors to the
Company or any subsidiary, pursuant to stock purchase or stock option plans
or other arrangements that are approved by the Board;


(bd)    stock issued or issuable pursuant to any rights or agreements,
options, warrants or convertible securities outstanding as of the date of
this Agreement; and stock issued pursuant to any such rights or agreements
granted after the date of this Agreement, so long as the rights of first
refusal established by this Section 4 were complied with, waived, or were
inapplicable pursuant to any provision of this Section 4.7 with respect to
the initial sale or grant by the Company of such rights or agreements;


(be)    any Equity Securities issued for consideration other than cash
pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition or similar business
combination approved by the Board;


(bf)    any Equity Securities issued in connection with any stock split,
stock dividend or recapitalization by the Company;


(bg)    any Equity Securities issued pursuant to any equipment loan or
leasing arrangement, real property leasing arrangement, or debt financing
from a bank or similar financial or lending institution approved by the
Board; and


(bh)    any Equity Securities that are issued by the Company pursuant to a
registration statement filed under the Securities Act.


Section 5.    MISCELLANEOUS.


5.35    Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Colorado
and shall be binding upon the parties hereto in the United States and
worldwide. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of any federal or state court within Denver County,
State of Colorado in connection with any matter based upon or arising out
of this Agreement or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter
relating to the equity interests of the Purchaser in the Company (whether
based on breach of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory),
agrees that process may be served upon it in any manner authorized by the
laws of the State of Colorado for such persons and waives and covenants not
to assert or plead any objection that they might otherwise have to
jurisdiction, venue and such process. Each party agrees not to commence any
legal proceedings based upon or arising out of this Agreement or the
matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating to the equity
interests of the Investor in the Company (whether based on breach of
contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory) except in such courts.


5.36    Successors and Assigns. Except as otherwise expressly provided
herein, the provisions hereof shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding
upon, the parties hereto and their respective successors, assigns, heirs,
executors, and administrators and shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by each person who shall be a holder of Registrable Securities
from time to time; provided, however, that prior to the receipt by the
Company of adequate written notice of the transfer of any Registrable
Securities specifying the full name and address of the transferee, the
Company may deem and treat the person listed as the holder of such shares
in its records as the absolute owner and holder of such shares for all
purposes, including the payment of dividends or any redemption price.


5.37    Entire Agreement. This Agreement, the Exhibits and Schedules
hereto, the Purchase Agreement and the other documents delivered pursuant
thereto constitute the full and entire understanding and agreement between
the parties with regard to the subjects hereof and no party shall be liable
or bound to any other in any manner by any oral or written representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements except as specifically set forth
herein and therein. Each party expressly represents and warrants that it is
not relying on any oral or written representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements outside of this Agreement.


5.38    Severability. In the event one or more of the provisions of this
Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality, or
unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions of this Agreement,
and this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or
unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.


5.39    Amendment and Waiver.


(bi)    Except as otherwise expressly provided, this Agreement may be
amended or modified, and the obligations of the Company and the rights of
the Holders under this Agreement may be waived, only upon the written
consent of the Company and the holders of a majority of the then-
outstanding Registrable Securities; provided, however, that Foundry’s
rights under Section 3.6 shall not be amended, modified or waived without
the written consent of Foundry.


(bj)    For the purposes of determining the number of Holders or Investors
entitled to vote or exercise any rights hereunder, the Company shall be
entitled to rely solely on the list of record holders of its stock as
maintained by or on behalf of the Company.


5.40    Delays or Omissions. It is agreed that no delay or omission to
exercise any right, power, or remedy accruing to any party, upon any
breach, default or noncompliance by another party under this Agreement
shall impair any such right, power, or remedy, nor shall it be construed to
be a waiver of any such breach, default or noncompliance, or any
acquiescence therein, or of any similar breach, default or noncompliance
thereafter occurring. It is further agreed that any waiver, permit,
consent, or approval of any kind or character on any party’s part of any
breach, default or noncompliance under the Agreement or any waiver on such
party’s part of any provisions or conditions of this Agreement must be in
writing and shall be effective only to the extent specifically set forth in
such writing. All remedies, either under this Agreement, by law, or
otherwise afforded to any party, shall be cumulative and not alternative.


5.41    Notices. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed effectively given: (a) upon personal delivery
to the party to be notified, (b) when sent by confirmed electronic mail or
facsimile if sent during normal business hours of the recipient; if not,
then on the next business day, (c) five (5) days after having been sent by
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or
(d) one (1) day after deposit with a nationally recognized overnight
courier, specifying next day delivery, with written verification of
receipt. All communications shall be sent to the address appearing on the
books of the Company or at such other address or electronic mail address as
such party may designate by 10 days advance written notice to the other
parties hereto.


5.42    Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. In the event that any action, suit or
other proceeding is instituted based upon or arising out of this Agreement
or the matters contemplated herein or any other matter relating to the
equity interests of the Purchaser in the Company (whether based on breach
of contract, tort, breach of duty or any other theory), the prevailing
party shall recover all of such party’s costs (including, but not limited
to expert witness costs) and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in each
such action, suit or other proceeding, including any and all appeals or
petitions therefrom.


5.43    Titles and Subtitles. The titles of the sections and subsections of
this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to be
considered in construing this Agreement.


5.44    Additional Investors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, if the Company shall issue additional shares of its
Preferred Stock pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, any purchaser of such
shares of Preferred Stock shall, with the consent of the Company, become a
party to this Agreement by executing and delivering an additional
counterpart signature page to this Agreement and shall be deemed an
“Investor,” a “Holder” and a party hereunder. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary contained herein, if the Company shall issue Equity Securities
in accordance with Sections 4.7 (c) or (e) of this Agreement, any purchaser
of such Equity Securities may, with the consent of the Company, become a
party to this Agreement by executing and delivering an additional
counterpart signature page to this Agreement and shall be deemed an
“Investor,” a “Holder” and a party hereunder.


5.45    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be an original, but all of which together
shall constitute one instrument.


5.46    Aggregation of Stock. All shares of Registrable Securities held or
acquired by affiliated entities or persons or persons or entities under
common management or control shall be aggregated together for the purpose
of determining the availability of any rights under this Agreement.


5.47    Pronouns. All pronouns contained herein, and any variations
thereof, shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neutral,
singular or plural, as to the identity of the parties hereto may require.


5.48    Termination. This Agreement shall terminate and be of no further
force or effect upon the earlier of (a) an Acquisition; and (b) the date
three (3) years following the closing of the Initial Offering that results
in the conversion of all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock.


[THIS SPACE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]


In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have executed this Investor Rights
Agreement as of the date set forth in the first paragraph hereof.


COMPANY:


? , Inc.


Signature:


?


President


INVESTORS:


[Foundry]


By: [Foundry GP entity],


its General Partner


By:


Name:


Title: Managing Member


SCHEDULE OF INVESTORS


[Foundry]

