

                     FOUNDRY VENTURE CAPITAL 2011, L.P.


                   Terms for Proposed Private Placement of


                  of Series A Preferred Stock of [COMPANY]


                                   [DATE]


(Valid for acceptance until [EXPIRATION DATE])


Issuer: [COMPANY] , a Delaware corporation (the “Company”)


Amount of Financing: $[FINANCING AMOUNT] million, [(including $[CONVERTED
AMOUNT] from the conversion of bridge notes)] representing a [VC STAKE]%
post-closing ownership stake on a fully diluted basis, including shares
reserved and unissued for the employee option pool (the “Employee Pool”).
The Employee Pool shall be equal to [POOL SIZE]% of the post-closing fully-
diluted capitalization.


Investor[s]: Foundry Venture Capital 2011, L.P. (“Foundry”) $[FOUNDRY
INVESTMENT]


                                    [OTHER INVESTOR] $[OTHER INVESTMENT]


[Note: If there is to be a second closing, differentiate the investors and
amounts by each closing.]


Total (all investors together, the “Investors”): $[INVESTMENS SUM]


Closing: Sale of the Series A Preferred (the “Closing”) is anticipated to
take place on [CLOSING DATE] . [Subsequent sales to strategic/other
investors mutually reasonably acceptable to the Company and Foundry may
occur within [60] days (the “Second Closing”).]


Price; Valuation: $[VALUATION PER SHARE] per share (the “Purchase Price”).
The Purchase Price represents a fully-diluted pre-money valuation of $
[PREMONEY VALUATION] million and a fully-diluted post-money valuation of
$[POSTMONEY VALUATION] million.


Type of Security: Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”).


Founders: [FOUNDER 1], [FOUNDER 2]


Board of Directors: The size of the Company’s Board of Directors shall be
set at Closing at 4 persons. The Board shall initially be comprised of
[DIRECTOR 1], as the Foundry representatives [DIRECTOR 2], [DIRECTOR 3],
and [DIRECTOR 4]. The holders of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
elect [one] member[s] of the Company’s Board of Directors, which director
shall be designated by Foundry (the “Series A Director[s]”), the holders of
Common Stock shall be entitled to elect [one] member[s] [who] [one of
whom] shall be the person serving as Chief Executive Officer and the
remaining directors will be [Option 1 (if Foundry to control more than 50%
of the capital stock): mutually agreed upon by the Common and Preferred,
voting together as a single class.] [or Option 2 (if Foundry controls less
than 50%): chosen by the mutual consent of the Board of Directors].


Except for the provisions contained below entitled “Right to Conduct
Activities”, “Legal Fees and Expenses”, “No Shop Agreement”,
“Confidentiality” and “Governing Law” which are explicitly agreed by the
Investors and the Company to be binding upon execution of this term sheet,
this summary of terms, including the accompanying terms and conditions, is
not intended as a legally binding commitment by the Investors, and any
obligation on the part of the Investors is subject to the following
conditions precedent: completion of legal documentation satisfactory to the
prospective Investors, satisfactory completion of due diligence by the
prospective Investors, and delivery of all closing deliverables described
in the definitive agreements.





 


              TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK


Capitalization: A capitalization table showing the Company’s capital
structure immediately following the Closing is attached. In the event the
capital structure immediately following the Closing is not as set forth as
attached, the Purchase Price shall be appropriately adjusted based upon the
valuation set forth herein and the actual capital structure. For purposes
of the above calculation and any other reference to “fully-diluted” in this
term sheet, “fully-diluted” assumes the conversion of all outstanding
preferred stock of the Company, the exercise of all authorized and
currently existing stock options and warrants of the Company, and any
increases to the Company’s existing option pool prior to the Closing.


Dividends: 8% non-cumulative dividend preference, when and as declared by
the Board of Directors; pro rata participation in any Common Stock
dividends.


Liquidation Preference: In the event of any liquidation or winding up of
the Company, the holders of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to
receive in preference to the holders of the Common Stock a per share amount
equal to the Purchase Price plus any declared but unpaid dividends (the
“Liquidation Preference”).


[Choose one of the following three options:]


[Option 1: Add this paragraph is you want fully participating preferred:
After the payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of the
Series A Preferred, the remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to
the holders of the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred on a common
equivalent basis.]


[Option 2: Add this paragraph if you want participating preferred with a
cap: After the payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of the
Series A Preferred, the remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to
the holders of the Common Stock and the Series A Preferred on a common
equivalent basis; provided that the holders of Series A Preferred will stop
participating once they have received a total liquidation amount per share
equal to [two - five] times the Purchase Price, plus any declared but
unpaid dividends. Thereafter, the remaining assets shall be distributed
ratably to the holders of the Common Stock. Upon any liquidation or deemed
liquidation, holder of the Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive
the greater of (i) the amount they would have received pursuant to the
prior sentence, or (ii) the amount they would have received in the event of
conversion of the Series A Preferred to Common Stock.]


[Option 3: Add this paragraph if you want non-participating preferred:
After the payment of the Liquidation Preference to the holders of the
Series A Preferred, the remaining assets shall be distributed ratably to
the holders of the Common Stock.]


A merger, acquisition, sale of voting control in which the shareholders of
the Company do not own a majority of the outstanding shares of the
surviving corporation or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of
the Company shall be deemed to be a liquidation. Any acquisition agreement
that provides for escrowed or other contingent consideration will provide
that the allocation of such contingent amounts properly accounts for the
liquidation preference of the Preferred Stock.


Preferred Stock Conversion: Convertible into shares of Common Stock at any
time at the election of each holder. The initial conversion rate shall be
1:1, subject to adjustment as provided below


Automatic Conversion: All of the Series A Preferred shall automatically
convert into Common Stock upon the closing of a firmly underwritten public
offering of shares of Common Stock of the Company at a per share price not
less than four times the Purchase Price (as adjusted for stock splits,
dividends and the like) per share and for a total offering of not less than
$30 million (before deduction of underwriters commissions and expenses) (a
“Qualified IPO”). Any or all of the Series A Preferred shall convert into
Common Stock upon the election of holders of at least [a majority] of the
outstanding Series A Preferred (the “Required Percentage”).


Antidilution Provisions: The conversion price of the Series A Preferred
will be subject to a weighted-average adjustment to reduce dilution in the
event that the Company issues additional equity securities, other than
(i) shares or options to purchase shares issued to employees, consultants
or directors as approved by the Board, (ii) shares issued for consideration
other than cash pursuant to a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or
similar business combination approved by the Board; (iii) shares issued
pursuant to any equipment loan or leasing arrangement, real property
leasing arrangement or debt financing from a bank or similar financial
institution approved by the Board; and (iv) other issuances approved by the
Required Percentage of the outstanding Series A Preferred from time to time
(collectively, “Excluded Issuances”). Approval by the Board for any
Excluded Issuance must include approval by [the] Series A Director. The
conversion price will also be subject to proportional adjustment for stock
splits, stock dividends, combinations, recapitalizations and the like.


Voting Rights: The Series A Preferred will vote together with the Common
Stock on as-converted basis, and not as a separate class except as
specifically provided herein or as otherwise required by law. The Common
Stock may be increased or decreased by the vote of holders of a majority of
the Common Stock and Series A Preferred voting together on an as if
converted basis, and without a separate class vote.


Board Observer; Expenses: Foundry shall have the right to appoint a
representative to observe all meetings of the Board of Directors and
committees thereof in a non-voting capacity. The Company shall reimburse
expenses of the Series A Preferred directors, observers and advisors for
costs incurred in attending meetings of the Board of Directors and other
meetings or events attended on behalf of the Company.


Protective Provisions: For so long as any shares of Series A Preferred
remain outstanding, consent of the Required Percentage of the Series A
Preferred shall be required for any action, whether directly or though any
merger, recapitalization or similar event, that (i) alters or changes the
rights, preferences or privileges of the Series A Preferred, (ii) increases
or decreases the authorized number of shares of Common or Preferred Stock,
(iii) creates (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of
shares having rights, preferences or privileges senior to or on a parity
with the Series A Preferred, (iv) results in the redemption or repurchase
of any shares of Common Stock (other than pursuant to equity incentive
agreements with service providers giving the Company the right to
repurchase shares upon the termination of services), (v) results in any
merger, other corporate reorganization, sale of control, or any transaction
in which all or substantially all of the assets of the Company are sold,
(vi) amends or waives any provision of the Company’s Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws, (vii) increases or decreases the authorized size
of the Company’s Board of Directors, (viii) results in the payment or
declaration of any dividend on any shares of Common Preferred Stock,
(ix) issues debt in excess of $100,000, (x) makes any voluntary petition
for bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (xi) enters
into any exclusive license, lease, sale, distribution or other disposition
of its products or intellectual property.


Information Rights: The Company shall deliver customary audited annual,
unaudited quarterly and monthly financial statements and budgets to each
Investor who purchases at least [NUMBER] shares of Series A Preferred (a
“Major Investor”). Each Investor shall also be entitled to standard
inspection and visitation rights.


Registration Rights: Registration Rights: Two demand registrations,
starting the earlier of three years after the Closing or 180 days after the
Company’s initial public offering, so long as the anticipated aggregate
offering price to the public is not less than $15,000,000, and unlimited
piggy-back and S-3 registration rights with reasonable and customary terms,
including cutback rights to no less than 30% (other than in a Qualified
IPO), payment of selling stockholder counsel fees up to $35,000, and no
limitations on transfers of registration rights to affiliates and other
Major Investors.


Lock-Up Provision: Investors will be subject to a customary post-IPO lockup
provided that all officers, directors, and other 1% shareholders are
similarly bound; provided further that any discretionary waiver or
termination of lock-up provisions shall also apply pro rata to the
Investors.


Other Provisions: No shareholder of the Company shall be granted
registration rights which would reduce the number of shares includable by
the holders of the Registrable Securities in a registration without the
consent of the holders of at least a majority of the Registrable
Securities. The Company shall not require the opinion of Investor’s counsel
before authorizing the transfer of stock or the removal of Rule 144 legends
for routine sales under Rule 144 or for distribution to partners or members
of Investors.


Right of First Refusal: Prior to a Qualified IPO, Major Investors shall
have the right to purchase their pro rata portions (calculated on a fully
diluted basis) of any future issuances of equity securities by the Company
(with overallotment rights in the event a Major Investor does not purchase
its full allocation), other than Excluded Issuances.


                              EMPLOYEE MATTERS


Employee Pool: Prior to the Closing, the Company will reserve as the
Employee Pool shares of its Common Stock so that the percentage set forth
on page one of the Summary of Terms of its fully-diluted capital stock
following the issuance of its Series A Preferred is available for future
issuances to directors, officers, employees and consultants.


Stock Vesting: All stock and stock equivalents issued after the Closing to
employees, directors, consultants and other service providers will be
subject to vesting provisions below unless different vesting is approved by
the Board of Directors (including [the] Series A Director) (the “Required
Approval”): 25% to vest at the end of the first year following such
issuance, with the remaining [75%] to vest monthly over the next three
years. The repurchase option shall provide that upon termination of the
employment of the stockholder, with or without cause, the Company or its
assignee (to the extent permissible under applicable securities law
qualification) retains the option to repurchase at the lower of cost or the
current fair market value any unvested shares held by such stockholder.


The outstanding Common Stock currently held by the Founders will be subject
to similar vesting terms [provided that the Founders shall be credited with
one year of vesting as of the Closing, with their remaining unvested shares
to vest monthly over the three years following Closing.]


In the event of a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other change of
control of the Company and should a Founder or other executive officer be
terminated without cause or constructively terminated within one year after
such event, such person shall be entitled to [ONE YEAR] of additional
vesting. Other than the foregoing, there shall be no accelerated vesting
except with the Required Approval.


Restrictions on Sales: The Company’s Bylaws shall contain a right of first
refusal on all transfers of Common Stock, subject to normal exceptions. If
the Company elects not to exercise its right, the Company shall assign its
right to the Major Investors. [The Company’s Bylaws shall also contain a
provision providing that no shares of capital stock other than those held
by Major Investors may be transferred except as approved by the Board in
its discretion, which shall include, without limitation, refusal to allow
any transfer to the extent such transfer would increase the number of
stockholders of the Company or require it to register, or register any
class of equity securities, with the Securities and Exchange Commission.]


Proprietary Information: Each current and former officer, employee and
consultant of the Company and Inventions Agreement shall enter into an
acceptable proprietary information and inventions agreement.


Co-Sale Agreement: The shares of the Company’s securities held by the
Founders shall be made subject to a co sale agreement (with certain
reasonable exceptions) with the Investors such that the Founders may not
sell, transfer or exchange their stock unless each Investor has an
opportunity to participate in the sale on a pro-rata basis.


Voting Agreement: The Investors, the Founders and each current and future
holder of stock or options to purchase 1% or more of the vesting shares
shall enter a Voting Agreement to elect members of the Board of Directors
as provided above. Additionally, the Voting Agreement shall provide that
when a Founder leaves the Company, such Founder shall agree to vote his
Common Stock or Series A Preferred (or Common Stock acquired on conversion
of Series A or Former Series A Preferred) in the same proportion as all
other shares are voted in any vote.


Founders Activities: Each of the Founders and executive officers shall
devote 100% of his professional time to the Company. Any other professional
activities will require the approval of the Board of Directors.


                                OTHER MATTERS


Closing Deliverables: The Company shall provide prior to the Closing:
(i) an updated, post-closing capitalization chart, (ii) a list of corporate
officers with both business and personal contact information, (iii) a
customary management rights letter to Foundry, (iv) opinion of counsel for
the Company, and (v) a detailed budget for the twelve months following
closing, acceptable to Investors.


Agreements: The sale of the Series A Preferred Stock shall be pursuant to a
purchase agreement with customary representations and warranties. The
purchase agreement, investor rights agreement, co-sale agreement and voting
agreement may be amended with the consent of the Company and Investors
holding the Required Percentage of the Series A Preferred, with the co-sale
agreement and voting agreement requiring the consent of a majority of the
Founders then providing services to the Company for any change adversely
effecting such Founders.


Assignment: Each of the Investors shall be entitled to transfer all or part
of its shares of Series A Preferred purchased by it to one or more
affiliated partnerships or funds managed by it or any or their respective
directors, officers or partners, provided such transferee agrees in writing
to be subject to the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement and related
agreements as if it were a purchaser thereunder.


Finders: The Company and the Investors shall each indemnify the other for
any broker’s or finder’s fees for which either is responsible.


Right to Conduct Activities: The Company and each Investor hereby
acknowledge that Foundry is a professional investment fund, and as such
invest in numerous portfolio companies, some of which may be competitive
with the Company’s business. Neither Foundry nor any other Investor shall
be liable to the Company or to any other Investor for any claim arising out
of, or based upon, (i) the investment by Investor in any entity competitive
to the Company, or (ii) actions taken by any partner, officer or other
representative of such Investor to assist any such competitive company,
whether or not such action was taken as a board member of such competitive
company, or otherwise, and whether or not such action has a detrimental
effect on the Company; provided, however that nothing herein shall relieve
any Investor or any party from liability associated with misuse of the
Company’s confidential information. The Company’s certificate of
incorporation shall contain a limited waiver of the corporate opportunity
doctrine with respect to matters or transactions presented to the Series A
director other than solely in his capacity as a director of the Company.


Legal Fees and Expenses: The Company shall bear its own fees and expenses
and shall pay at the closing (or in the event the transaction is not
consummated, upon notice by Foundry that it is terminating negotiations
with respect to the consummated transactions) the reasonable fees (not to
exceed $30,000) and expenses of Foundry counsel regardless if any
transactions contemplated by this term sheet are actually consummated.


No Shop Agreement: The Company agrees to work in good faith expeditiously
towards a closing. The Company and the Founders agree that until the [60TH]
day from the date first set forth above they will not, directly or
indirectly, (i) take any action to solicit, initiate, encourage or assist
the submission of any proposal, negotiation or offer from any person or
entity other than the Investors relating to the sale or issuance, of any of
the capital stock of the Company or the acquisition, sale, lease, license
or other disposition of the Company or any material part of the stock or
assets of the Company, or (ii) enter into any discussions, negotiations or
execute any agreement related to any of the foregoing, and shall notify the
Investors promptly of any inquiries by any third parties in regards to the
foregoing. Should both parties agree that definitive documents shall not be
executed pursuant to this term sheet, then the Company shall have no
further obligations under this section.


Confidentiality: This term sheet and any related discussions and
correspondence are to be held in strict confidence by the Company and may
not to be disclosed by the Company to any party (other than counsel to, and
the accountants of, the parties to the extent reasonably necessary for such
persons to render advice in connection with the proposed transaction and
other than to existing stockholders of the Company) without the prior
written approval of Foundry.


Governing Law: This summary of terms shall be governed in all respects by
the laws of the State of [DELAWARE].


Foundry Counsel: [COOLEY LLP]


 


Post-Closing Capitalization Table

|                                |Share|Percenta|
|                                |s    |ge      |
|Common Stock Outstanding        |     |        |
|Employee Stock Options:         |     |        |
|            Reserved Pool       |     |        |
|Series A Preferred Outstanding: |     |        |
|            Foundry Venture     |     |        |
|Capital 2011, L.P.              |     |        |
|            [Other Investors]   |     |        |
|Fully Diluted Shares            |     |        |





