

                     Agreement for copywriting services


Date: [DATE]


Between me: Your Name (“I”, “me” or “writer” in this document)
And you: Client Name (“you” or “client” in this document)


Introduction


I pride myself on being helpful and flexible, but it’s a good idea for us
to have an agreement on paper so we both know what to expect. I believe
agreements like this should be easy to understand, so I’ve made sure this
one uses clear language.


Having said that, if anything is unclear, ask me. I’ll be happy to clarify.


Project summary


You ([CLIENT]) are hiring me (your name) to complete an eCommerce site for
the total price of $[TOTAL]as described in our previous communications.


What do we both agree to do?


As my client, you agree:


    • You have the power to enter into this contract on behalf of your
      organisation.
    • To provide me with everything I need to complete the project, when I
      need it.
    • To review my work, provide feedback and sign-off within agreed
      timescales.
    • To stick to the payment schedule described at the end of this
      agreement.


As the writer, I agree:


    • I have the experience and ability to perform the services you need
      from me.
    • I will carry this service out in a professional manner.
    • I will respect the confidentiality of any information you give me.


The service I provide to you


I will develop an eCommerce site for you as described in the assignment
details section of this agreement.


I will deliver the text as a Microsoft Word document.


Changes and revisions


Most clients require me to make some changes to the work I do for them.
That’s fine. However, as this is a fixed-price agreement, I do have to
limit the time I spend rewriting and editing. This agreement therefore
includes:


   1. Initial delivery of a complete copy document.
   2. Two subsequent rounds of changes, if required.


This only applies up to the point where you sign off my work, publish it or
begin using it on your live website.


This bit’s important. Make sure you are completely happy with the work
described in the assignment details section before you sign this agreement.
The assignment details may not be changed once this agreement is in place
and any edits or rework must take place within the scope of what’s
described there.


The reason for this is that changing the assignment details can create lots
of extra work for me, particularly if I have already spent time on the
project.This is not budgeted for in the cost I give you.


The main circumstances in which this situation is likely to occur are if
you:


    • Decide to redesign the structure of your website or the layout of the
      pages themselves. For instance, adding a new theme to your site.
    • Alter the core files of the products or services I have provided.


It is best for both of us that I don’t start work until these items have
been agreed.


Copyright


When I have received full and final payment as described in this agreement,
copyright of the work I produce is automatically assigned to you. You can
then use the work however you wish.


However, until final payment is received, copyright of the work remains
with me.


I love to show off my work, so I reserve the right to display and link to
your completed project as part of my online portfolio.(The link may help
your Google ranking a bit, so there’s something in this for you too.)


Deadlines


I believe in hitting deadlines, but I can only do this with your help. So I
can’t be responsible for a missed deadline if you have been late with a
down payment, slow to supply materials or not provided feedback to agreed
timescales.


I also can’t be responsible for deadlines missed due to circumstances
completely beyond my control, like family emergencies, floods, war, acts of
god and so on.


If this agreement is signed and I have received your down payment by
[date], I will deliver first draft copy by [date].


Further changes will obviously take extra time. We can agree deadlines for
those together, but I’ll do everything I can to meet your needs


Payments


I make a living as a freelancer, so prompt payment is important to me. To
help make sure we stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following
payment schedule:


The total cost of the work is: $[TOTAL]


I will invoice for an initial down payment of $[DEPOSIT] once this
agreement has been signed. I won’t start work until I receive this payment.


I will invoice for the remaining balance of $total - depositonce the work
has been completed.


If I have not received any feedback or comments within two weeks of
submitting work to you (at any stage - the initial draft or subsequent
edits), I will assume you are happy the work has been completed and will
invoice for the remaining balance.


My payment terms are 30 days. Please pay on time!



Cancelling this contract


If you wish to cancel this agreement, I will retain your down payment and
you may be required to make an additional payment to cover the work I’ve
done. This ‘kill fee’ (not as dangerous as it sounds) will be based on the
percentage of the project completed.


Legal stuff


I will do my best to ensure all facts and statements in my work are true
and that it doesn’t infringe upon any copyright or other right of a third
party.


However, I can't be liable to you, or any third party, for damages,
including lost profits, lost savings, complaints, claims, litigation or
other incidental, consequential or special damages which arise regarding
this assignment.


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.


You cannot transfer this contract to anyone else without my permission.
This contract stays in place and need not be renewed.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of English
courts.


(Ok, that’s the trickiest bit over with.)


Assignment details


This section contains specific information about the work I’m going to do
for you.


If I sent you an initial proposal it’s probably copied from that, but
please read it carefully again. You can’t be too careful.


The assignment


[insert]


Important notes


[insert any items specific to this piece of work]


Audience and tone


[insert any items specific to this piece of work]



Make sure you keep a copy of this document for your records. I’m looking
forward to working with you.

