
Date: [OCT 21, 2014]


This contract is between me [MY NAME] and you, [CLIENT NAME]


1.0 Summary:


I’ll always do my best to fulfill your needs and meet your expectations,
and it’s important to have things written down so that we both know what’s
what, who should do what and when, and what will happen if something goes
wrong.


In short;


You, [CLIENT NAME] , located at [CLIENT ADDRESS] are hiring me, [MY NAME],
located at [MY ADDRESS] to design the deliverables specified in section 2.3
Project Scope of this contract for the estimated total fee of $[000.00] USD
as outlined in the scope section, 2.3 Project Scope.


2.0 What do both parties agree to do?


2.1 You:


You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of yourself,
your company or your organization. You’ll give me everything I need to
complete the project as and when and in the format I need it. You’ll review
my work, provide feedback and approval in a timely manner. Deadlines work
two ways, you’ll also be bound by dates we set together. You also agree to
stick to the payment schedule set out at the end of this contract.


2.2 Me:


I have the experience and ability to do everything I’ve agreed to with you
and I’ll do it all in a professional and timely manner. I’ll endeavor to
meet every deadline that’s set and I'll maintain the confidentiality of
everything you give me.


2.3 Project Scope & Schedule


See document [DOCUMENT FILE NAME]


2.5 Out Of Scope and Rush Job Pricing


Rush deadline definition: Any schedule change making the project
deliverable due before the original deadline set in the project proposal,
or any project that causes me (the designer) to expand or run on a tight
production schedule. This depends on the scope of the project, and is
determined at my (the designers) discretion.


Please Note: If I do not hear from you in a reasonable amount of time (10
days) about project feedback or anything that will hold up the production
and delivery schedule of the project, you agree to pay 10% of the project's
total cost each day I do not hear from you after 10 days.


2.5.1 Over $200


For projects totaling $201.00 and over; All deliverables considered to be
on a rush deadline will incur a rush fee of 150% of the original total
price.


      Example. Project total ($400.00 X 1.5) = $600.00


2.5.2 $200 & Under


For projects totaling $200.00 and under; All deliverables considered to be
on a rush deadline will incur a rush fee of 200% of the original total
price.


      Example. Project total ($125.00 X 2.0) = $250.00


3.0 Design Specifics


3.1 Design


I create graphics, layouts, concepts and pairings for brand identities,
presentations, websites, and other print and otherwise based material and
art. I create designs iteratively and use predominantly the Adobe Creative
Suite applications along with pencil, pen and paper.


You’ll have one or more weekly opportunities to review my work and provide
specific feedback. If, at any stage, you’re not happy with the direction my
work is taking and we cannot come to an agreed upon direction, you’ll pay
me in full for everything I’ve produced until that point and cancel this
contract.


3.2 Text content


I’m not responsible for writing or editing any text copy unless otherwise
specified in the project scope document mentioned in Section 2.3 of this
letter of agreement. If you’d like new content or the editing of current
content, I will refer you to an excellent copywriter to work with.


3.3 Photographs


You will supply any current and requested graphic files in an editable,
vector digital format that pertain to this project. You will supply
photographs in a high resolution digital format (if at all possible). If
you choose to buy stock photographs, I can suggest stock libraries. If
you’d like me to search for and curate a collection of photographs for you,
I can provide a separate estimate for this service and append it to this
project’s total cost.


3.4 Changes and revisions


The extent of changes and revisions for this project are listed in the
project scope document mentioned inSection 2.3 of this letter of agreement.
I don’t want to limit your ability to change your mind, but please
understand that it will cost more money above and beyond the quoted price.
The price at the beginning of this contract is based on the length of time
I estimate I’ll need to accomplish everything you’ve told me you want to
achieve multiplied by my hourly rate. If you change your mind or add
anything new, that won’t be a problem as I’ll provide a separate estimate
and append it to this project’s total cost. Please note that any changes
and revisions out side of the state project scope will be billed at 200% of
my stated hourly rate.


4.0 Legalities


While I always strive for excellence in my work, I can’t guarantee that my
work will be completely error-free and so I can’t be liable to you or any
third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings or other
incidental, consequential or special damages, even if you’ve advised me of
them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall be unlawful, void,
or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed
severable from this contract and shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any remaining provisions.


5.0 Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of text, images or other artwork you
provide are either owned by you or your company, or you have legal
permission to use them.


Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright will be automatically
assigned as follows:


You’ll own the visual elements that I create for this project. I’ll give
you source files and finished files and you should keep them somewhere safe
as I’m not required to keep a copy. You own all elements of text, images
and data you provided, unless someone else owns them.


I love to show off my work and share what I’ve learned with other people,
so I reserve the right to display and link to your project as part of my
portfolio and to write about it on websites, in magazine articles and in
books.


6.0 Payments


You will pay the invoices I send you with-in the specified amount of days
of the invoice issue date as said in sections 6.1 Over $300 and 6.2 $300 &
Under of this agreement. As I’m also sure you’ll want to stay friends, you
agree to stick tight to the payment schedule laid out in the project
proposal document.


6.1 Over $300


For all projects totaling over $300.00 USD; 50% of the full design fee will
be paid upfront before any work begins and 50% of the full design fee will
be paid with in 15 days of receipt of the final invoice.


6.2 $300 & Under


All projects totaling $300.00 USD or less will be due with in 15 days of
receipt of the invoice.


6.3 Source File Release


For all projects: Upon receipt of the final payment I will release the
project source files to you via email or a download link. (This depends on
the nature of the project)


7.0 Small Print


You cannot transfer this contract to anyone else without my permission.
This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If for some reason
one part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining
parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of Maricopa
County Courts, Phoenix, Arizona.


Both parties should sign and keep a copy for their records.

