
[NAME OF THE PARTNERSHIP] PARTNERSHIP


STATE OF [STATE WHERE PARTNERSHIP IS FORMED]


COUNTY OF [COUNTY WHERE PARTNERSHIP IS FORMED]


[NAMES OF THE PARTNERS], herewith agree to engage in the business of [TYPE
OF BUSINESS FOR THE PARTNERSHIP], and pursuant to the Uniform Partnership
Act of the State of [STATE WHERE PARTNERSHIP IS FORMED], hereby form a
general partnership.


The name of the partnership shall be the [NAME OF PARTNERSHIP] partnership.
The principal office of the partnership will be located at:


[ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF PARTNERSHIP] and additional or substitute
offices may be agreed upon from time to time by the parties.


The partnership's existence shall commence on [STARTING DATE OF
PARTNERSHIP] and it shall continue until dissolved either by mutual
agreement or by operation of law.


The initial partnership capital shall be $[INITIAL CAPITAL OF THE
PARTNERSHIP] ([INITIAL CAPITAL]dollars). The partners will contribute as
follows:


[AMOUNT OF CAPITAL CONTRIBUTED BY EACH PERSON]


The partners shall share in profits and losses in the same proportion as
their capital contributions. No interest shall be paid on capital
contributions. No partner shall have the right to demand repayment of their
capital contribution unless the same is through a dissolution of the
partnership and a winding up of its affairs.


Decisions by the partnership shall be made by majority vote.


Books of account of the transactions of the partnership shall be kept at
the principal place of business of the partnership. The books of account of
the partnership shall be available for inspection by all times by the
partners. Each partner shall be required to report all transactions related
to partnership business promptly and accurately.


Each [TIME PERIOD FOR ACCOUNTINGS] the partners shall determine the net
profit and loss of the partnership and the same shall be divided in the
same proportion as contributions to capital. The partners, may by majority
vote, agree to distribute any surplus or may allocate surplus to the
capital account of each partner.


The partners shall be entitled to withdraw the following sums from the
partnership:


[LIMITS ON WITHDRAWALS] on a [THE WITHDRAWALS WILL BE MADE] basis.


Any and all withdrawals made shall be deducted from any profits of the
partnership.


The affairs of the partnership shall determined by majority vote, with
votes cast in the same percentage as capital contributions.


Each partner shall have the right to manage the affairs of the partnership
in the ordinary course of the partnership's business. However, no partner
shall have the authority to:


a) confess judgment against the partnership;


b) borrow on the credit of the partnership or guarantee the debts of others
with partnership credit except for transactions under $[MAXIMUM DOLLAR
AUTHORITY OF INDIVIDUAL PARTNER] ([MAX DOLLAR AUTHORITY] dollars) within
the ordinary course of business of the partnership;


c) convey substantially all of the partnership assets


without prior approval by majority vote.


The day to day affairs of the partnership shall be managed by a management
committee, which shall consist of [NUMBER OF PARTNERS TO SERVE ON
MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE] partners, elected by a majority of the partners. The
management committee shall conduct the business of the partnership, and
shall have the authority by its majority vote to operate all of the
business of the partnership, save those items specifically reserved to the
partners as a whole.


This partnership shall terminate upon the death, bankruptcy or incompetency
of any partner. Thereupon the remaining partners shall act as trustees for
the partners and shall promptly wind up the affairs of the partnership
unless the remaining partners agree that they will continue the business of
the partnership.


[DATE]


[NAMES OF THE PARTNERS]


Witnesses:

