
GRAPHIC DESIGN CONTRACT


Your Company


Company Address


Phone #


Email


Date:


Client Name:


Client Company Name:


Client Company Address:


CONFIRMATION OF ENGAGEMENT


Project Title/Description:


Job No.:


Preliminary Design(s) Due Date: Final Design Due Date:


Project Fee:


TERMS


1. Revisions: Additional fees will be charged for revisions made after 3
preliminary design revisions and


for any additions to project scope.


2. Payment Schedule: 50% of fee upon project commencement, remaining upon
project completion.


3. Payment Terms: Payment due 30 days from issuance of invoice. A one and
one half (1.5%) monthly


service charge will be billed against late payments. Grant of copyright is
conditioned upon receipt of


final payment, and upon client's compliance with the terms of this
agreement.


4. Cancellation Fees: In the event of cancellation, (Your Company) will be
compensated for services


performed through the date of cancellation in the amount of a prorated
portion of the fees due. Upon


cancellation all rights to the work revert to (Your Company) and all
original art must be returned,


including sketches, comps, or other preliminary materials.


5. Promotion: (Your Company) reserves the right to include images of the
completed work in an online portfolio.


6. Preliminary Works: (Your Company) retains all rights in and to all
preliminary designs. Client


shall return all preliminary designs to (Your Company) within 30 days of
completion of the project


and all rights in and to any preliminary designs shall remain the exclusive
property


of (Your Company).


7. Permissions and Releases: The client agrees to indemnify and hold (Your
Company) harmless


against any and all claims, costs, and expenses, including attorney's fees,
due to materials included in


the work at the request of the client for which no copyright permission or
privacy release was


requested, or for which uses exceed the uses allowed pursuant to a
permission or release.


8. Miscellaneous: This agreement shall be binding upon the parties, their
heirs, successors, assigns, and


personal representatives. This agreement constitutes the entire
understanding of the parties. Its terms


can be modified only by a writing signed by both parties, except that the
client may authorize expenses


or revisions orally. Any dispute arising out of this agreement will be
resolved by negotiation between


the parties. If they are unable to resolve the dispute, either party may
commence mediation and/ or


binding arbitration through the American Arbitration Association. A waiver
of a breach of any of the


provisions of this agreement shall not be construed as a continuing waiver
of other breaches of the


same or other provisions. This agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of Indiana and


courts of such state shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue.


THIS AGREEMENT MUST BE SIGNED AND RETURNED BEFORE


(Your Company) CAN SCHEDULE OR BEGIN THIS JOB.


_____________________________________________________________________


Your Company - Your Company Name


Date:


Client Signature: ____________________________________________________


Printed Client Name:


Date:

