

Graphics Minded Privacy Policy


0. tl;dr


We are all humans. We strive to protect and treat you with respect, please
do the same for us.


1. Hello


Welcome to Graphics Minded. We are a Design Service formed in 2012 based in
Gilbert, Arizona. Thank you for choosing us! Our Graphics Minded Privacy
Policy, along with our Graphics Minded Terms of Service, are an integral
part of using our Service, and you agree to them when you choose to use our
Site and Service.


2. Definitions


Throughout our Graphics Minded Privacy Policy, we may use certain words or
phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them:


"Agreement" means this Graphics Minded Privacy Policy and can be used to
construe acceptance and compliance with it (example: "I am in agreement
with this Agreement");


"Graphics Minded", "Graphics Minded, LLC", "we", "our", "us" refers to the
business which owns this website (graphicsminded.com), our Site, or our
Service, depending on the context of the usage;


"You", "client", "users" refers to you, the person or business entering
into this Agreement with Graphics Minded;


"Site", "Sites" refers to our website, graphicsminded.com and any other
websites owned by us;


"Service", "Services" refers to any Services that we provide through our
Site, in person, on location or remotely, be it on/over the Internet or
even in print;


Although these definitions may have syntax, punctuation or grammar
adjustments such as being capitalized, singular or plural tense, they apply
through out this Agreement to create a common sense usage of such
definitions.


3. Information We Collect


Here are some details about the information we collect from you to provide
our Service.


Whenever you visit our Site, we may collect information from you, such as
your:


    • IP address
    • referring URL
    • browser
    • operating system
    • cookie information
    • device type, make, model
    • Internet Service Provider


Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet
Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, this
information alone cannot usually be used to identify you.


We may collect certain personal information from you when you use our Site
or Services that can be used to identify you, such as your:


    • first and last name
    • entity name
    • e-mail address
    • mailing address
    • billing address
    • credit card information
    • telephone number


We make effort to protect this information in a Good Samaritan way and this
information is disclosed only in accordance with our Graphics Minded
Privacy Policy and/or the Graphics Minded Terms of Service.


Some of this information, particularly credit card payment information, may
be transmitted to the third party payment processors that we use, to enable
us to process your payments, or you may be required to submit your
information to the third party payment processors directly. These third
party payment processors have their own privacy policy and other conditions
of use, and we recommend that you read their documents carefully in order
to understand your rights on their website.


4. Use of Your Collected Information


We may use your information:


To enhance or improve users' experiences, our Site, or Service;


To process transactions;


To exchange, or transfer to third parties in the course of providing,
improving, or maintaining your Service, and in the event of or in
connection with the sale, merger, spin-off or other corporate
reorganization of our business, where the information is provided to the
new controlling entity in the regular course of business. You hereby grant
us consent to such sale, exchange, and transfer, and agree that we require
no further consent to engage in this activity;


To send you e-mail or postal mail about our Site or Service and to respond
to inquiries;


To send you e-mail or postal mail about the Site and other products, news,
or updates for Graphics Minded, or other businesses, websites, or Services
owned or operated by us;


To send you e-mail or postal mail about third party products or services
such as in support of a Service we are providing you.


At times, disclosure of your information may be required to comply with law
enforcement. You agree that we may disclose your information to a third
party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for
the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal
matter. In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we
may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to
quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not
obligated to do either. We may also proactively report you and release your
information to third parties without receiving any request where we believe
that it is proper to do so for legal reasons, such as instances where we
believe your actions or data violate any law of the United States or any
other country having jurisdiction over us, our Site, Services, or our
Graphics Minded Privacy Policy and/or our Graphics Minded Terms of Service.
PARDON US FOR THE FOLLOWING UPPERCASE COMMENTS AS THIS FORMAT IS
UNIVERSALLY UNDERSTOOD AS A DISCLAIMER AND SHOULD NOT BE CONSTRUED AS
YELLING. YOU RELEASE US FROM ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY ARISE FROM OR RELATE TO
THE RELEASE OF YOUR INFORMATION TO A REQUEST FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES
OR PRIVATE LITIGANTS. WE MAY RELEASE YOUR INFORMATION UNDER THE CONDITIONS
LISTED IN THIS AGREEMENT WHETHER IT IS TO INDIVIDUALS OR ENTITIES IN THE
STATE OF ARIZONA, THE REST OF THE UNITED STATES, OR ELSEWHERE.


5. Your Control Over Collected Information


You may be able to access, review, edit, modify and delete some of the
personal information you have provided to us by logging into your account
if any on the Site and adjusting or removing any data available with the
tools available. Although most changes may occur immediately, information
may still be stored in a web browser's cache or a caching system and may
take time to expire or clear out. HERE COMES MORE UPPERCASE COMMENTS. WE
TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR STORED INFORMATION IN A WEB BROWSER'S CACHE, OR
IN OTHER DEVICES THAT MAY STORE INFORMATION, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY OF
SUCH. IN ADDITION, WE MAY, RETAIN RESIDUAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU IN OUR
BACKUPS, DATABASES, OR SECURITY SYSTEMS USED BY US.


6. Cookies


We use cookies on our Site to save your preferences, keep track of
advertisements, and improve your experiences. For this reason, you must
have cookies enabled in your browser to use our Site and Services. Even if
you have settings in your browser to request "Do not track" or "Do not
track me", we still need to utilize methods that may be construed as
tracking to simply give you a good experience on our Site. You may elect to
turn off cookies or set "Do Not Track" settings but many of our Sites or
Services may not function properly or may fail completely while such
settings are in place.


7. Third Parties


Why re-create the wheel. If we know of or discover a way to use third
parties including contractors, web hosts, and others, their products or
services to create, provide, or improve or sustain a Service to you, you
hereby grant us consent to use such parties, and agree that we require no
further consent to engage in this activity.


In order to provide Service to you, we may delegate our authority to
collect, access, use, disseminate and store your information. For example,
our web host stores the information that you provide us, and we may hire
third parties to assist us in maintaining, repairing, improving, or
otherwise assisting us with our Site and Services. It is therefore
necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our
business the same rights that you afford us under this Graphics Minded
Privacy Policy. For this reason, you hereby agree that for every
authorization which you grant to us in this Graphics Minded Privacy Policy,
you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise
retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining,
repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our services, websites or
its underlying files or systems. AGAIN, HERE COMES MORE UPPERCASE COMMENTS.
YOU AGREE NOT TO HOLD US LIABLE FOR THE ACTIONS OF ANY OF THESE THIRD
PARTIES SHOULD THEY COMMIT ANY TORT OR OTHER ACTIONABLE WRONG AGAINST YOU,
EVEN IF WE WOULD NORMALLY BE HELD VICARIOUSLY LIABLE FOR THEIR ACTIONS, YOU
AGREE WE ARE NOT LIABLE.


Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you agree that we may
share your information with third parties such as:


The company that owns Amazon.com;


The company that owns Godaddy.com;


The company that owns Google.com;


The company that owns Docracy.com;


as we interact with them in support of our Services.


On occasion, Graphics Minded or its users may at times post links to third
party websites on its Site, which may include information that we have no
control over. Therefore as a user of our Site you should only proceed to
third party websites with caution. You acknowledge and are aware that we do
not screen third party websites for privacy or security issues, and you
release us from any liability of third party websites.


Please be aware that this Graphics Minded Privacy Policy, and any other
policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights
enforceable by third parties. GRAPHICS MINDED BEARS NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE INFORMATION COLLECTED OR USED BY ANY ADVERTISER OR THIRD PARTY WEBSITE.
Please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each website you
visit through third party links or through our Site or Service.


You may be required to provide your financial information to third parties
when paying Graphics Minded for purchases of goods or Services. It is your
responsibility to ensure the security of your payment details when making
purchases through these third parties, and we recommend that you conduct
routine credit bureau checks to protect your identity.


8. Our Security Measures


We take certain measures to maintain the operating health and security of
our Site and Services. However, we make no representations as to the
security or privacy of your information. It is in our interest to keep our
website secure, but we recommend that you use resources for anti-virus
software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other common sense
precautions to protect yourself from security and privacy threats.


9. California Residents


We permit residents of the State of California to use our Site and Service,
and we are in compliance with the California Business and Professions Code
§§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident, you may request certain
information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third
parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout
this Graphics Minded Privacy Policy address requirements of the California
Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. In summary, you must presume
that we do collect and track electronic information from all visitors. You
may contact us with any questions via the contact information at the bottom
of this Agreement.


10. International Data


Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on computers located
outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental
jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in
your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose
to provide information to us, Graphics Minded may transfer your personal
information to the United States or elsewhere and process it there. Your
consent to this Graphics Minded Privacy Policy along with submission of any
such information represents your agreement to that transfer.


11. Amendments


Along with our Graphics Minded Terms of Service, we may amend this Graphics
Minded Privacy Policy from time to time. It is your responsibility to stay
informed of and agree to any such amendment as a condition of your
continued use of our Site and Service. If you do not agree, you must
immediately cease using our Site and Service and notify us of your refusal
to agree via the contact information at the bottom of this Agreement, but
your refusal to agree does not unbind you from this Agreement for any past
term of usage of our Site or Services.


12. Contact Information


If you have any questions, please contact us in one of the following ways:


The preferred method is the Contact Us link at the bottom of our website;


Email us at service@graphicsminded.com.

