

                           Glory Grace Photography


                  Glory Sheeley | glorygracephoto@gmail.com
                  glorygracephotography.com | 574.518.2729


    *Hey! If you're reading this right now it means we're about to book a
  session and make some rad photos. Yay! I'm inputing this message here to
 get this started on a friendly note, because what follows are a lot of very
 professional and legal-y sounding sentences that comprise the business end
  of this whole process. I know, it's boring. But it must be done. Also, at
 the end of the document there are some extra tips to consider when planning
  the timeline of the day, so even if you skim through, make sure you check
                                 those out.
                               Happy reading!


                                    ||||


This agreement is between Glory Sheeley, hereinafter referred to as the
"Photographer", operating in the State of Indiana, and the subjects (if
subject is over 18 years old) or legal guardians of minors contracting the
photographer for portrait photography, hereinafter referred to as the
"Clients", collectively referred to as the "Parties", with the portrait
session detailed below.


Date of session: 09/26/2015


Photo subjects:


Haley Muder
Guardian: Robyn Muder


Blake Fisher
Guardian: Amber Fisher


Sara Peterson
Guardian: Terri Peterson


Emily Kern
Guardian: Lori Kern


Tucker West
Braxton Day


Location Information


Bloomington, IN


Agreement Overview


This agreement contains the entire understanding between the Photographer
and the Client. It supersedes all prior and simultaneous agreements between
the Parties. The only way to add or change this agreement is to do so in
writing, signed by all the Parties.


Copyright


Title (possession) of and copyright to all products shall remain with the
Photographer until client has paid in full. All photos are copyrighted. The
negatives and or digital images (hereinafter collectively the “images”)
created by the Photographer and/or subcontractor(s) remain the property of
the Photographer. It is illegal to copy, scan, reproduce, or post online in
forums or elsewhere without the written permission of the Photographer.
Violators of this federal law will be subject to its civil and criminal
penalties.
Permission is herby granted to the Photographer to use any images created
under this contract for professional samples, displays, internet website
pages, advertising, exhibitions, contests, and any other purpose.
The Photographer retains the copyright to all images produced by the
Photographer and/or the Photographer's subcontractors. The client
understands the images given on CD/USB cannot be used for profit or
advertising and all posting of images on the internet must be acknowledged
as images by the Photographer.


Creative License


Images are edited at the Photographer’s discretion, and delivered prints
may not include all images shot. The Photographer reserves the creative
rights to edit and release only those images deemed creditable as
professional in quality and within the photographer’s artistic standards.


Force Majeure


If the Photographer or its assigns cannot perform this Agreement due to a
fire, casualty, strike or other civil disturbances, Acts of God, including
but not limited to, road closures, severe traffic, fire, terrorism or other
causes beyond the control of the parties, then the Photographer shall
return any moneys paid by the Client, less retainer fee and expenses, but
shall have no further liability with respect to the Agreement. This
limitation of liability shall also apply in the event that photographic
materials are damaged, lost
through camera malfunction, compact flash card malfunction, or otherwise
lost or damaged without the fault on the part of the Photographer. The
limit of liability for a partial loss of originals shall be a prorated
amount of the exposures lost based on the percentage of total number of
originals.


Cost of Portrait Photography


Package: Group Portrait Session, including up to one hour with the
Photographer.
Pricing: $30 per individual
*Each paid in cash on date of shoot.


This is a contract for personal photography services to be provided by the
Photographer and/or individuals subcontracted to do work for the
Photographer. The Parties agree to the above and below terms and
conditions.

