
POLICY PROPOSAL: [TRADEMARK ENFORCEMENT REFORM ON THE INTERNET]





Topic





This proposal seeks to solve [ENFORCING TRADEMARKS ON THE ANONYMIZED WEB].


Currently, the DMCA provides a flawed, but workable attempt at
extrajudicial enforcement of copyrights on the Internet. Trademark
infringement is just as common a problem, but lacks such an efficient
extrajudicial process. Trademark holders are left with the unattractive
options of sending a cease & desist letter (which may be ignored) or of
escalating to a lawsuit (which may be unfeasible for a multitude of
reasons). Adding a DMCA-style notice and takedown procedure that would
apply to trademark infringement as well would streamline enforcement
efforts for rights holders and also simplify infringing material removal
efforts on the part of intermediaries (Facebook, etc.)





Solution





The solution [TEAM OGLEGALHACKERZ] proposes will solve the problem by
[CREATING A DMCA-STYLE NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN REGIME FOR TRADEMARKS.]





Background





a.     What’s the DMCA? The DMCA came about in Congress as a way to try to
reach a middle ground between websites that host user-generated content
(such as YouTube) and the music and movie industries. The industries are
often worried about their content ending up on sites such as YouTube, but
it is also important to keep those sites open to foster users’ creativity.
The DMCA allows for a process, called “notice and takedown” as a whole, to
try to solve this problem outside of court. It is not perfect, but it is an
important part of the Internet today. Without the DMCA, YouTube, as an
intermediary, could be sued for distributing infringing works that users
upload.


b.     How it Works: The law creates something lawyers call a “safe harbor”
for websites that host user-generated content. This means that the sites
themselves generally can’t be sued for things that users upload to the
sites that infringe someone’s rights. However, in order to earn this safe
harbor, the sites must comply with the requirements of the DMCA.


c.     Requirements: (i) Complying with takedown notices – This means that
if a website receives a takedown notice from a copyright holder that
alleges infringement, it must remove access to the item(s) and then notify
the user that uploaded the item. (ii) Complying with “counter-notices” –
Counter-notices are notices that users file in response to a takedown of
their content. A user can file a counter-notice if he or she believes that
takedown was sent by mistake or that what they were doing constitutes fair
use, among other things. If a user files such a counter notice, and the
person who has the copyright does not sue, then the site must restore
access to the item. At this point, it is up to the rights holder to
escalate to a full lawsuit or not. This won’t involve the website because
it is protected under the safe harbor. (iii) Designating an agent - Sites
seeking to invoke the safe harbor must select an agent, meaning a person
who is designated to receive takedown notices and handle them expediently.
There are some specific requirements in the law regarding this. The agent
must be clearly indicated on the website in question.





Problem





One of the factors that helped drive SOPA and PIPA was the possibility of
the unabated proliferation of online trading in counterfeit goods.
 Supporters of the bills pointed to the possibility of senior citizens
being beguiled into buying fake prescription drugs, and shoddy
manufacturing parts finding their way into automobiles and military
vehicles. More popularly recognizable examples involve luxury goods such as
handbags and sunglasses, which are frequently duped. Therefore, creating an
expedited way for the legitimate holders of these rights (i.e., makers of
the legitimate goods) to take down bogus posts that advertise fake goods
will assist in the goal of protecting consumers while lessening the burdens
on the rights holders.





Proposal





[PERHAPS ONE OF THE GREAT THINGS ABOUT THE DMCA NOTICE-AND-TAKEDOWN
PROCEDURE IS THE FACT THAT EVERYONE ON BOTH SIDES OF THE IP DEBATE SEEMS TO
HATE IT. WE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE DMCA PATH IS NOT A PERFECT SOLUTION, BUT
FEW SUCH SOLUTIONS EXIST. THE EXISTENCE OF THE DMCA PROCEDURE HAS ENABLED A
TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF INNOVATION AND CREATIVITY IN THE WORLD OF TECHNOLOGY
BECAUSE IT LETS THE USER-GENERATED CONTENT (UGC) INDUSTRY OFF THE HOOK.
WITHOUT THE DMCA SAFE HARBOR, SITES SUCH AS YOUTUBE COULD NOT HAVE
PROCEEDED AS BOLDLY AHEAD AS THEY HAVE, AND IP RIGHTS HOLDERS WOULD HAVE
BEEN FORCED TO EITHER SUE UGC SITES OUT OF EXISTENCE OR STAND PAT WHILE
OTHERS REAPED BENEFITS OF THEIR CONTENT.]





[INTRODUCING NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN TO THE TRADEMARK WORLD MAKES EVEN MORE
SENSE. TRADEMARK HAS ITS ROOTS IN CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW, AND OPERATES
UNDER THE PRESUMPTION THAT CONSUMERS DESERVE TO KNOW THAT A BRAND OWNER
STANDS BEHIND THE PRODUCT THEY ARE PURCHASING. INTRODUCING THIS SYSTEM INTO
THE TRADEMARK CONTEXT BOTH ALLOWS SITE OWNERS TO UNDERSTAND THE POTENTIAL
DEMANDS PLACED ON THEM AND PROVIDES A MECHANISM FOR BRAND OWNERS TO HAVE
INFRINGING CONTENT (WHICH MAY POSE A GENUINE AND DEMONSTRABLE RISK TO THE
PUBLIC WELFARE) TAKEN DOWN. IN THE PROCESS, THIS PROPOSAL REMOVES ONE
JUSTIFICATION FOR ACTS SUCH AS SOPA AND PIPA.]





Conclusion





Nothing can stop an idea whose time has come.  Our proposal basically
grafts the current DMCA system onto the world of trademark law. Our
alternative also mirrors solutions posed by Frederick Mostert and Marty
Schwimmer.
http://home.comcast.net/%7Ejlw28129/Mostert%20and%20Schwimmer%20vol101_no1_a
14.pdf

