
POLICY PROPOSAL: [TRADEMARK ENFORCEMENT REFORM ON THE INTERNET]





Topic





This proposal seeks to solve [ENFORCING TRADEMARKS ON THE ANONYMIZED WEB].


[CURRENTLY, THE DMCA PROVIDES A FLAWED, BUT WORKABLE ATTEMPT AT
EXTRAJUDICIAL ENFORCEMENT OF COPYRIGHTS ON THE INTERNET. TRADEMARK
INFRINGEMENT IS JUST AS COMMON A PROBLEM, BUT LACKS SUCH AN EFFICIENT
EXTRAJUDICIAL PROCESS. TRADEMARK HOLDERS ARE LEFT WITH THE UNATTRACTIVE
OPTIONS OF SENDING A CEASE & DESIST LETTER (WHICH MAY BE IGNORED) OR OF
ESCALATING TO A LAWSUIT (WHICH MAY BE UNFEASIBLE FOR A MULTITUDE OF
REASONS). ADDING A DMCA-STYLE NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN PROCEDURE THAT WOULD
APPLY TO TRADEMARK INFRINGEMENT AS WELL WOULD STREAMLINE ENFORCEMENT
EFFORTS FOR RIGHTS HOLDERS AND ALSO SIMPLIFY INFRINGING MATERIAL REMOVAL
EFFORTS ON THE PART OF INTERMEDIARIES (FACEBOOK, ETC.)]





Solution





The solution [TEAM OGLEGALHACKERZ] proposes will solve the problem by
[CREATING A DMCA-STYLE NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN REGIME FOR TRADEMARKS.]





Background





[A.     WHAT’S THE DMCA? THE DMCA CAME ABOUT IN CONGRESS AS A WAY TO TRY TO
REACH A MIDDLE GROUND BETWEEN WEBSITES THAT HOST USER-GENERATED CONTENT
(SUCH AS YOUTUBE) AND THE MUSIC AND MOVIE INDUSTRIES. THE INDUSTRIES ARE
OFTEN WORRIED ABOUT THEIR CONTENT ENDING UP ON SITES SUCH AS YOUTUBE, BUT
IT IS ALSO IMPORTANT TO KEEP THOSE SITES OPEN TO FOSTER USERS’ CREATIVITY.
THE DMCA ALLOWS FOR A PROCESS, CALLED “NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN” AS A WHOLE, TO
TRY TO SOLVE THIS PROBLEM OUTSIDE OF COURT. IT IS NOT PERFECT, BUT IT IS AN
IMPORTANT PART OF THE INTERNET TODAY. WITHOUT THE DMCA, YOUTUBE, AS AN
INTERMEDIARY, COULD BE SUED FOR DISTRIBUTING INFRINGING WORKS THAT USERS
UPLOAD.]


[B.     HOW IT WORKS: THE LAW CREATES SOMETHING LAWYERS CALL A “SAFE
HARBOR” FOR WEBSITES THAT HOST USER-GENERATED CONTENT. THIS MEANS THAT THE
SITES THEMSELVES GENERALLY CAN’T BE SUED FOR THINGS THAT USERS UPLOAD TO
THE SITES THAT INFRINGE SOMEONE’S RIGHTS. HOWEVER, IN ORDER TO EARN THIS
SAFE HARBOR, THE SITES MUST COMPLY WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE DMCA.]


[C.     REQUIREMENTS: (I) COMPLYING WITH TAKEDOWN NOTICES – THIS MEANS THAT
IF A WEBSITE RECEIVES A TAKEDOWN NOTICE FROM A COPYRIGHT HOLDER THAT
ALLEGES INFRINGEMENT, IT MUST REMOVE ACCESS TO THE ITEM(S) AND THEN NOTIFY
THE USER THAT UPLOADED THE ITEM. (II) COMPLYING WITH “COUNTER-NOTICES” –
COUNTER-NOTICES ARE NOTICES THAT USERS FILE IN RESPONSE TO A TAKEDOWN OF
THEIR CONTENT. A USER CAN FILE A COUNTER-NOTICE IF HE OR SHE BELIEVES THAT
TAKEDOWN WAS SENT BY MISTAKE OR THAT WHAT THEY WERE DOING CONSTITUTES FAIR
USE, AMONG OTHER THINGS. IF A USER FILES SUCH A COUNTER NOTICE, AND THE
PERSON WHO HAS THE COPYRIGHT DOES NOT SUE, THEN THE SITE MUST RESTORE
ACCESS TO THE ITEM. AT THIS POINT, IT IS UP TO THE RIGHTS HOLDER TO
ESCALATE TO A FULL LAWSUIT OR NOT. THIS WON’T INVOLVE THE WEBSITE BECAUSE
IT IS PROTECTED UNDER THE SAFE HARBOR. (III) DESIGNATING AN AGENT - SITES
SEEKING TO INVOKE THE SAFE HARBOR MUST SELECT AN AGENT, MEANING A PERSON
WHO IS DESIGNATED TO RECEIVE TAKEDOWN NOTICES AND HANDLE THEM EXPEDIENTLY.
THERE ARE SOME SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS IN THE LAW REGARDING THIS. THE AGENT
MUST BE CLEARLY INDICATED ON THE WEBSITE IN QUESTION.]





Problem





[ONE OF THE FACTORS THAT HELPED DRIVE SOPA AND PIPA WAS THE POSSIBILITY OF
THE UNABATED PROLIFERATION OF ONLINE TRADING IN COUNTERFEIT GOODS.
 SUPPORTERS OF THE BILLS POINTED TO THE POSSIBILITY OF SENIOR CITIZENS
BEING BEGUILED INTO BUYING FAKE PRESCRIPTION DRUGS, AND SHODDY
MANUFACTURING PARTS FINDING THEIR WAY INTO AUTOMOBILES AND MILITARY
VEHICLES. MORE POPULARLY RECOGNIZABLE EXAMPLES INVOLVE LUXURY GOODS SUCH AS
HANDBAGS AND SUNGLASSES, WHICH ARE FREQUENTLY DUPED. THEREFORE, CREATING AN
EXPEDITED WAY FOR THE LEGITIMATE HOLDERS OF THESE RIGHTS (I.E., MAKERS OF
THE LEGITIMATE GOODS) TO TAKE DOWN BOGUS POSTS THAT ADVERTISE FAKE GOODS
WILL ASSIST IN THE GOAL OF PROTECTING CONSUMERS WHILE LESSENING THE BURDENS
ON THE RIGHTS HOLDERS.]





Proposal





[PERHAPS ONE OF THE GREAT THINGS ABOUT THE DMCA NOTICE-AND-TAKEDOWN
PROCEDURE IS THE FACT THAT EVERYONE ON BOTH SIDES OF THE IP DEBATE SEEMS TO
HATE IT. WE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE DMCA PATH IS NOT A PERFECT SOLUTION, BUT
FEW SUCH SOLUTIONS EXIST. THE EXISTENCE OF THE DMCA PROCEDURE HAS ENABLED A
TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF INNOVATION AND CREATIVITY IN THE WORLD OF TECHNOLOGY
BECAUSE IT LETS THE USER-GENERATED CONTENT (UGC) INDUSTRY OFF THE HOOK.
WITHOUT THE DMCA SAFE HARBOR, SITES SUCH AS YOUTUBE COULD NOT HAVE
PROCEEDED AS BOLDLY AHEAD AS THEY HAVE, AND IP RIGHTS HOLDERS WOULD HAVE
BEEN FORCED TO EITHER SUE UGC SITES OUT OF EXISTENCE OR STAND PAT WHILE
OTHERS REAPED BENEFITS OF THEIR CONTENT.]





[INTRODUCING NOTICE AND TAKEDOWN TO THE TRADEMARK WORLD MAKES EVEN MORE
SENSE. TRADEMARK HAS ITS ROOTS IN CONSUMER PROTECTION LAW, AND OPERATES
UNDER THE PRESUMPTION THAT CONSUMERS DESERVE TO KNOW THAT A BRAND OWNER
STANDS BEHIND THE PRODUCT THEY ARE PURCHASING. INTRODUCING THIS SYSTEM INTO
THE TRADEMARK CONTEXT BOTH ALLOWS SITE OWNERS TO UNDERSTAND THE POTENTIAL
DEMANDS PLACED ON THEM AND PROVIDES A MECHANISM FOR BRAND OWNERS TO HAVE
INFRINGING CONTENT (WHICH MAY POSE A GENUINE AND DEMONSTRABLE RISK TO THE
PUBLIC WELFARE) TAKEN DOWN. IN THE PROCESS, THIS PROPOSAL REMOVES ONE
JUSTIFICATION FOR ACTS SUCH AS SOPA AND PIPA.]


 


Selected portions of sample statute: (Modeled after 17 USC 512(c))


(I) In general. A service provider shall not be liable for monetary relief,
or, except as provided elsewhere in this statute, for injunctive or other
equitable relief, for trademark infringement by reason of the storage at
the direction of a user of material that resides on a system or network
controlled or operated by or for the service provider, if the service
provider:


(A)(i) does not have actual knowledge that the material or an activity
using the material on the system or network is infringing;


(ii) in the absence of such actual knowledge, is not aware of facts or
circumstances from which infringing activity is apparent; or


(iii) upon obtaining such knowledge or awareness, acts expeditiously to
remove, or disable access to, the material;


(B) does not have a financial benefit directly attributable to the
infringing activity, in a case in which the service provider has the right
and ability to control such activity; and


(C) upon notification of claimed infringement as described in paragraph
(3), responds expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the matrial
that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing
activity.


(II) Designated agent. The limitations on liability established in this
subsection apply to a service provider only if the service provider has
designated an agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement
described in paragraph (3), by making available through its service,
including on its website in a location accessible to the public, and by
providing to the USPTO, the following information:


(A) the name, address, phone number, and electronic mail address of the
agent.


(B) other contact information which the USPTO may deem appropriate.


The USPTO shall maintain a current directory of agents available to the
public for inspection, including through the Internet in both electronic
and hard copy formats, and may require payment of a fee by service
providers to cover the costs of maintaining the directory.


(III) Sample Requirements of Notice:


(A) To be effective under this subsection, a notification of claimed
infringement must be a written communication provided to the designated
agent of a service provider that includes substantially the following:


(1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner the allegedly infringed federally registered trademark.


(2) Identification of the trademark along with its federal trademark
registration number.


(3) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to
be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access
to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit
the service provider to locate the material.


(4) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to
contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and,
if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may
be contacted.


(5) A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use
of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
trademark owner, its agent(s), or the law, and that it is likely to cause
confusion with the registered trademark.


(6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and
under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act
on behalf of the owner the allegedly infringed trademark.


(IV) Private Cause of Action


The recipient of any notification under this section made in bad faith may
maintain a civil action against the violator to obtain damages in amount
not greater than $X.


Notes:  


This proposal deals primarily with federally registered marks in the
language above, though we discussed at length how a notice and takedown
provision might potentially deal with the world beyond federally registered
marks, including state registrations, common law marks, and internationally
registered marks. Above all, the simplicity of having a federal
registration number, which a service provider in receipt of a takedown
notice could verify, greatly appealed to us.


Moreover, using federal law to enforce state or common law marks on the
inherently interstate web might pose both constitutional and
administraibility issues. Given that such marks are traditionally meant to
be inherently limited by the geography of their area of use, a broader
consideration of the law in this area might be worthwhile.


It might be possible to address the issues of international marks by
requesting an international registration number (which Twitter requests as
part of its own private takedown system). It might be best, however, to
require some kind of international agreement, however, to gather these
marks together in an appropriate, verifiable database that could then be
enforced through federal law.


Conclusion


Nothing can stop an idea whose time has come.  Our proposal basically
grafts the current DMCA system onto the world of trademark law. Our
alternative also mirrors elements of solutions posed by Frederick Mostert
and Marty Schwimmer.
http://home.comcast.net/%7Ejlw28129/Mostert%20and%20Schwimmer%20vol101_no1_a
14.pdf

