

          EMPLOYEE PROPRIETARY INFORMATION AND INVENTIONS AGREEMENT


The following agreement (the “Agreement”) between [COMPANY],a Delaware
corporation (the “Company”), and [FULL NAME OF PERSPECTIVE EMPLOYEE]
(“Employee” or “I”) is effective as of [DATE], the first day of my
employment by the Company. I acknowledge that this Agreement is a material
part of the consideration for my employment and continued employment by the
Company. In exchange for the foregoing, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties agree as follows: 


1. No Conflicts.  I have not made, and agree not to make, any agreement,
oral or written, that is in conflict with this Agreement or my employment
with the Company. I will not violate any agreement with or the rights of
any third party. When acting within the scope of my employment (or
otherwise on behalf of the Company), I will not use or disclose my own or
any third party’s confidential information or intellectual property
(collectively, “Restricted Materials”), except as expressly authorized by
the Company in writing. Further, I have not retained anything containing or
reflecting any confidential information of a prior employer or other third
party, whether or not created by me. 


2. Inventions.


a. Definitions. “Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all patent
rights, copyright rights, trademark rights, mask work rights, trade secret
rights, sui generis database rights and all other intellectual and
industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world (including any
application therefore). “Invention” means any idea, concept, discovery,
invention, development, research, technology, work of authorship, trade
secret, software, firmware, content, audio-visual material, tool, process,
technique, know-how, data, plan, device, apparatus, specification, design,
prototype, circuit, layout, mask work, algorithm, program, code,
documentation or other material or information, tangible or intangible,
whether or not it may be patented, copyrighted, trademarked or otherwise
protected (including all versions, modifications, enhancements and
derivative works thereof). 


b. Assignment. To the fullest extent under applicable law, the Company
shall own all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions (including
all Intellectual Property Rights therein or related thereto) that are
created made, conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by me
or under my direction during the term of my employment with the Company and
which, in the sole judgment of the Company, reasonably exercised, arise out
of any use of Company’s facilities or equipment or any research or other
activity conducted by, for or under the direction of the Company (whether
or not (i) conducted at the Company’s facilities, (ii) during working hours
or (iii) using Company equipment), or which relate directly or indirectly
to any “Company Interest” (meaning any product, service, other Invention or
Intellectual Property Right that is sold, leased, used, proposed, under
consideration or under development by the Company). I will promptly
disclose and provide all of the foregoing Inventions (the “Assigned
Inventions”) to the Company. I hereby make and agree to make all
assignments to the Company necessary to effectuate and accomplish the
foregoing ownership. Assigned Inventions shall not include any Invention
that (x) is developed entirely on my own time, without use of any Company
equipment, ideas or direction and (y) does not relate to any Company
Interest. 


c. Assurances. I will further assist the Company, at its expense, to
evidence, record and perfect such assignments, and to perfect, obtain,
maintain, enforce and defend any rights specified to be so owned or
assigned. I hereby irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its
officersas my agents and attorneys-in-fact, coupled with an interest, to
act for and in my behalf to execute and file any document and to perform
all other lawfully permitted acts to further the purposes of the foregoing
with the same legal force and effect as if executed by me.  


d. Other Inventions. If I wish to clarify that something created by me
prior to my employment, which relates or may relate to the Company’s actual
or proposed business,is not within the scope of the assignment of
Inventions under this Agreement, then I have listed it on Appendix A. If
(i) I use or disclose any Restricted Materials (including anything listed
in Appendix A) when acting within the scope of my employment (or otherwise
on behalf of the Company), or (ii) any Assigned Invention cannot be fully
made, used, reproduced or otherwise exploited without using or violating
any Restricted Materials, I hereby grant and agree to grant to the Company
a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive,
transferable, sublicensable, paid-up right and license to exploit and
exercise all such Restricted Materials and Intellectual Property Rights
therein. I will not use or disclose any Restricted Materials for which I am
not fully authorized to grant the foregoing license and I will not use any
Restricted Materials or prior inventions without the prior written consent
of the Company. 


e. Moral Rights.  To the extent allowed by applicable law, the terms of
this Section 2 include all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure,
withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as
moral rights, artist’s rights, droit moral or the like (collectively,
“Moral Rights”). To the extent I retain any such Moral Rights under
applicable law, I hereby ratify and consent to any action that may be taken
with respect to such Moral Rights by or authorized by the Company and agree
not to assert any Moral Rights with respect thereto. I will confirm any
such ratification, consent or agreement from time to time as requested by
the Company. Furthermore, I agree that notwithstanding any rights of
publicity, privacy or otherwise (whether or not statutory) anywhere in the
world and without any further compensation, the Company may and is hereby
authorized to use my name, likeness and voice in connection with promotion
of its business, products and services and to allow others to do so. 


3. Proprietary Information.  I agree that all Assigned Inventions and all
other financial, business, legal and technical information, whether or not
in writing, including the identity of and any other information, relating
to the Company’s employees, Affiliates and Business Partners (as such terms
are defined below), which I develop, learn or obtain during my employment
or that are received by or for the Company in confidence, constitute
“Proprietary Information.”I will hold in strict confidence and not directly
or indirectly disclose or, except within the scope of my employment, use
any Proprietary Information. Proprietary Information shall not include
information that, I can document, is or becomes readily available to the
public without restriction through no fault of mine. Upon termination of my
employment or earlier request by Company, I will promptly return to the
Company all items containing or embodying Proprietary Information
(including all copies). 


4. Restricted Activities.  For the purposes of this Section 4, the term
Company includes the Company and all other persons or entities that
control, are controlled by or are under common control with the Company
(“Affiliates”).


a. Definitions.  “Any Capacity” includes, without limitation, to (i) be an
owner, founder, shareholder, partner, member, advisor, director,
consultant, contractor, agent, employee, affiliate or co-venturer,
(ii) otherwise invest, engage or participate in, (iii) be compensated by or
(iv) prepare to be or do any of the foregoing or assist any third party to
do so; provided, Any Capacity will not include being a holder of less than
one percent (1%) of the outstanding equity of a public company. “Business
Partner” means any past, present or prospective customer, vendor, supplier,
distributor or other business partner of the Company. “Cause” means to
recruit, employ, retain or otherwise solicit, induce or influence, or to
attempt to do so. “Solicit” means to (1) service, take orders from or
solicit the business or patronage of any Business Partner for myself or any
other person or entity, (2) divert, entice or otherwise take away from the
Company the business or patronage of any Business Partner, or to attempt to
do so, or (3) solicit, induce or encourage any Business Partner to
terminate or reduce its relationship with the Company. 


b. Acknowledgments. 


i.    I acknowledge and agree that (1) the Company's business is highly
competitive, secrecy of the Proprietary Information is of the utmost
importance to the Company and I will learn and use Proprietary Information
in performing my work for the Company and (2) my position may require me to
establish goodwill with Business Partners and employees on behalf of the
Company and such goodwill is extremely important to the Company's success
and that Company has made substantial investments to develop its business
interests and goodwill.


ii.    I agree that the limitations as to time, geographical area and scope
of activity to be restrained in this Section 4 are reasonable and are not
greater than necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests
of Company. I further agree that such investments are worthy of protection
and that Company’s need for protection afforded by this Section 4 is
greater than any hardship I may experience by complying with its terms.


iii.   I acknowledge that my violation or attempted violation of the
agreements in this Section 4 will cause irreparable damage to Company or
its Affiliates, and I therefore agree that Company shall be entitled as a
matter of right to an injunction, out of any court of competent
jurisdiction, restraining any violation or further violation of such
agreements by me or others acting on my behalf. Company’s right to
injunctive relief shall be cumulative and in addition to any other remedies
provided by law or equity.


iv.   Although the parties believe that the limitations as to time,
geographical area and scope of activity contained herein are reasonable and
do not impose a greater restraint than necessary to protect the goodwill or
other business interests of Company, if it is judicially determined not to
be the case, the limitations shall be reformed to the extent necessary to
make them reasonable and not to impose a restraint that is greater than
necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of Company.


v.   The Company and I agree that the provisions of this Section 4, as so
amended, shall be valid and binding as though any invalid or unenforceable
provision had not been included.


c. As an Employee.   During my employment with the Company, I will not
directly or indirectly: (i) Cause any person to leave their employment with
the Company (other than terminating subordinate employees in the course of
my duties for the Company); (ii) Solicit any Business Partner; (iii) act in
Any Capacity in or with respect to any commercial activity which competes,
or is reasonably likely to compete, with any business that the Company
conducts, proposes to conduct or demonstrably anticipates conducting, at
any time during my employment (a “Competing Business”); (iv) enter into in
an employment, consulting or other similar relationship with another person
or entity that requires me to provide anything less than my full-time
efforts to Company or that would cause me to engage in activities that
conflict with my duties to the Company;or (v) make, or cause to be made,
any statements, observations, or opinions, or communicate any information
(whether oral or written), that disparages or is likely in any way to harm
the reputation of the Company,its customers, users and/or business partners
except that nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to prohibit
me from testifying truthfully under oath pursuant to any lawful court order
or subpoena or otherwise responding to or providing disclosures required by
law. 


d. After Termination.  For the period of twelve (12) months immediately
following termination of my employment with the Company (for any or no
reason, whether voluntary or involuntary), I will not directly or
indirectly: (i) Cause any person to leave their employment with the
Company; (ii) Solicit any Business Partner; or (iii) act in Any Capacity in
or with respect to any Competing Business located within the State of New
York, the rest of the United States, or anywhere else in the world. The
foregoing time frames shall be increased by the period of time from the
commencement of any violation of the foregoing provisions until such time
as I have ceased such violation. 


5. Employment at Will. I agree that this Agreement is not an employment
contract for any particular term. I have the right to resign and the
Company has the right to terminate my employment at will, at any time, for
any or no reason, with or without cause. This Agreement does not purport to
set forth all of the terms and conditions of my employment, and as an
employee of the Company, I have obligations to the Company which are not
described in this Agreement. However, the terms of this Agreement govern
over any such terms that are inconsistent with this Agreement, and
supersede the terms of any similar form that I may have previously signed.
This Agreement can only be changed by a subsequent written agreement signed
by the Chief Executive Officer or President of the Company, or an
authorized designee. 


6. Survival. I agree that any change or changes in my employment title,
duties, compensation or equity interest after the signing of this Agreement
shall not affect the validity or scope of this Agreement. I agree that my
obligations under Sections 2, 3 and 4 of this Agreement shall continue in
effect after termination of my employment, regardless of the reason, and
whether such termination is voluntary or involuntary, and that the Company
is entitled to communicate my obligations under this Agreement to any of my
potential or future employers. I will provide a copy of this Agreement to
any potential or future employers of mine, so that they are aware of my
obligations hereunder. My obligations under Sections 2, 3 and 4 also shall
be binding upon my heirs, executors, assigns and administrators, and shall
inure to the benefit of the Company, its Affiliates, successors and
assigns. This Agreement may be freely assigned by the Company to any third
party. 


7. Miscellaneous.  Any dispute in the meaning, effect or validity of this
Agreement shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any legal
action or proceeding relating to this Agreement shall be brought
exclusively in the state or federal courts located in New York County, New
York, and each party consents to the jurisdiction thereof.The failure of
either party to enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any
period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. Unless expressly
provided otherwise, each right and remedy in this Agreement is in addition
to any other right or remedy, at law or in equity, and the exercise of one
right or remedy will not be deemed a waiver of any other right or remedy.
If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be illegal or
unenforceable under applicable law, such illegal or unenforceable portion
shall be limited or excluded from this Agreement to the minimum extent
required so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and
effect and enforceable. I acknowledge and agree that any breach or
threatened breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable harm to the
Company for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and, therefore,
the Company is entitled to injunctive relief with respect thereto (without
the necessity of posting any bond) in addition to any other remedies. 


I have read this Agreement carefully and I understand and accept the
obligations that it imposes upon me without reservation. No promises or
representations have been made to me to induce me to sign this Agreement. I
sign this Agreement voluntarily and freely, with the understanding that I
either (1) have retained a copy of this Agreement or (2) may, at any time,
request a copy of this Agreement from the Company. 


                                 Appendix A


                                Prior Matters


[DISCLOSURE BY EMPLOYEE]

