
Search.mindspark.com ("Mindspark Search" or the "Site") is a property of
Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc. ("Mindspark," "we," or "us,").
Mindspark is a part of the IAC family of businesses, which includes several
dozen brands such as Ask.com, Vimeo, Zwinky, Smiley Central, Girlsense,
Chemistry.com, Citysearch, CollegeHumor, Dictionary.com, Evite, Match.com,
Pronto, ServiceMagic, and Shoebuy. For a list of all of IAC's businesses,
please visit www.iac.com.


At Mindspark, we respect the privacy of our users and the importance of the
information they entrust to us. We provide this Privacy Policy so that our
users ("you") will know what information is being collected about you and
your activities on Mindspark Search, how that information is being used,
and with whom it is being shared. This Privacy Policy describes the online
privacy practices applicable to Mindspark Search and the various services
we provide on or through the Site (collectively, the "Services").


By using the Site and Services, you are agreeing to the collection and use
of certain information about you in the manner described in this Privacy
Policy. If you install a Mindspark-offered downloadable toolbar
application, including a MyWebSearch Toolbar, you will be subject to the
applicable End User License Agreement associated with such toolbar that
describes what information Mindspark (or Mindspark Search) collects when
you use the relevant toolbar and how that information may be used.


We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any
material changes in the ways we may collect, use, or share information, we
will notify you by posting notice of the changes on the Site. We encourage
you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to become and remain familiar
with it. The Policy includes at the top of the first page the date of the
most recent material change.


The Site and Services generally do not require registration or submission
of an account name or email address in order to use them. However, we may
offer certain Services for which registration, including the provision of
an account name and email address, is required in order to be fully
utilized. You would also need to provide us your email address if you
submit a help request or other communication via email. The amount of
information that you choose to disclose to us is completely up to you,
although access to or use of some Services may be affected if information
is not provided.


We use cookies and other technology such as pixel tags to track traffic
flow and patterns of travel within the Site as well as websites of other
Mindspark and/or IAC businesses. Cookies are a standard Internet technology
that allows us to store and retrieve information on a user's system. Our
web server automatically asks a new user's browser whether it will accept
our cookie file. If the user's browser accepts our cookie, our web server
will record the cookie's unique ID for our use in internal reporting and
for customized advertising. All of your search queries and interactions
with search results on the Sites are associated with your unique cookie ID.
When you use the Site, or a website of another Mindspark or IAC business,
we may use your cookie data to customize the Services and advertisements
delivered to you.


If you would like to remove our cookies from your computer, you can delete
them using your browser (consult your browser's "help" menu to learn how to
delete cookies). If you choose to decline or remove cookies, please note
that you may not be able to use some of the interactive features offered on
the Site.


We do not use cookies to track your use of the Internet in any other way,
or associate your name, email address, or personal account information with
your cookie data unless you specifically ask us to do so. We do not
disclose cookie information to third parties, except as otherwise described
in this Privacy Policy.


Use of cookies on our Site by third parties. We use third-party companies
to serve advertisements when you visit the Site. These companies may use
information about your visits to the Site in order to present
advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In
the course of serving advertisements on the Site, these companies may place
or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies
such as pixel tags in connection with the Site. In addition, we may allow
third-parties, including our authorized service providers, IAC companies,
advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements or place
ad tags or beacons on the Site. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use
of information that a third-party ad-serving company might collect from
you. These companies have their own recordkeeping and data-retention
policies. If you would like to consider your options for limiting use of
such information by advertising companies, or would like to learn more
about this practice, please click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org.


Corporate restructuring. We also may transfer your information to a third
party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate
restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets).


Â© 2009 Mindspark Interactive Network, Inc.. All rights reserved.

