
                                OFFER LETTER
                               [COMPANY NAME]


                                   [DATE]


[ADDRESS]

Dear [OFFEREE]:


[COMPANY NAME], a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), is pleased to offer
you employment with the Company on the terms described below.


1. Position. You will start in a full-time position as [JOB TITLE] and you
will initially report to [SUPERVISOR]. You shall perform such duties as may
be directed by [SUPERVISOR] from time to time. By signing this letter, you
confirm with the Company that you are under no contractual or other legal
obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties with the
Company.


2. Compensation and Employee Benefits. You will be paid a salary at the
rate of $[ANNUAL SALARY] per year, payable on the Company’s regular payroll
dates. As a regular employee of the Company you may be eligible to
participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, which the Company
may make available from time to time.


3. Restricted Stock. Reference is hereby made to the Restricted Stock
Purchase Agreement (the “Restricted Stock Agreement”) dated as of even date
hereof between you and the Company.


4. Confidential Information. You agree, at all times during the term of
your employment and thereafter, to hold in strictest confidence, and not to
use, except for the benefit of the Company, and not to disclose to any
person, firm, corporation or other entity, without written authorization
from the Company in each instance, any confidential or proprietary
information of the Company. This letter agreement is intended to
supplement, and not to supersede, any rights the Company may have in law or
equity with respect to the protection of trade secrets or confidential or
proprietary information.


5. Intellectual Property.


(a) Inventions Retained and Licensed. You have attached hereto, as Exhibit
A, a complete list describing with particularity all Inventions (as defined
below) that, as of the Effective Date, belong solely to you or belong to
you jointly with others, and that relate in any way to any of the Company’s
proposed businesses, products or research and development, and which are
not assigned to the Company hereunder or pursuant to the Restricted Stock
Agreement; or, if no such list is attached, you represent that there are no
such Inventions at the time of signing this Agreement.


(b) Use or Incorporation of Inventions. If in the course of your
employment, you use or incorporate into a product, process or machine any
Invention not covered by Section 5(d) of this letter agreement in which you
have an interest, you will promptly so inform the Company. Whether or not
you give such notice, you hereby irrevocably grant to the Company a
nonexclusive, fully paid-up, royalty-free, assumable, perpetual, worldwide
license, with right to transfer and to sublicense, to practice and exploit
such Invention and to make, have made, copy, modify, make derivative works
of, use, sell, import, and otherwise distribute under all applicable
intellectual properties without restriction of any kind.


(c) Inventions. You understand that “Inventions” means discoveries,
developments, concepts, designs, ideas, know how, improvements, inventions,
trade secrets and/or original works of authorship, whether or not
patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally protectable. You understand
this includes, but is not limited to, any new product, machine, article of
manufacture, biological material, method, procedure, process, technique,
use, equipment, device, apparatus, system, compound, formulation,
composition of matter, design or configuration of any kind, or any
improvement- thereon. You understand that “Company Inventions” means any
and all Inventions that you may solely or jointly author, discover,
develop, conceive, or reduce to practice during the period of your
employment, except as otherwise provided in Section 5(g) below.


(d) Assignment of Company Inventions. You agree that you will promptly make
full written disclosure to the Company, will hold in trust for the sole
right and benefit of the Company, and hereby assign to the Company, or its
designee, all your right, title and interest throughout the world in and to
any and all Company Inventions. You further acknowledge that all Company
Inventions that are made by you (solely or jointly with others) within the
scope of and during the period of the Relationship are “works made for
hire” (to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law) and are
compensated by your salary and the entry by the Company into the Restricted
Stock Agreement. You hereby waive and irrevocably quitclaim to the Company
or its designee any and all claims, of any nature whatsoever, that you now
have or may hereafter have for infringement of any and all Company
Inventions.


(e) Maintenance of Records. You agree to keep and maintain adequate and
current written records of all Company Inventions made by you (solely or
jointly with others) during the term of your employment with the Company.
The records may be in the form of notes, sketches, drawings, flow charts,
electronic data or recordings, laboratory notebooks, or any other format.
The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the
Company at all times. You agree not to remove such records from the
Company’s place of business except as expressly permitted by Company policy
which may, from time to time, be revised at the sole election of the
Company for the purpose of furthering the Company’s business.


(f) Patent and Copyright Rights. You agree to assist the Company, or its
designee, at its expense, in every proper way to secure the Company’s, or
its designee’s, rights in the Company Inventions and any copyrights,
patents, trademarks, mask work rights, moral rights, or other intellectual
property rights relating thereto in any and all countries, including the
disclosure to the Company or its designee of all pertinent information and
data with respect thereto, the execution of all applications,
specifications, oaths, assignments, recordations, and all other instruments
which the Company or its designee shall deem necessary in order to apply
for, obtain, maintain and transfer such rights, or if not transferable,
waive such rights, and in order to assign and convey to the Company or its
designee, and any successors, assigns and nominees the sole and exclusive
right, title and interest in and to such Company Inventions, and any
copyrights, patents, mask work rights or other intellectual property rights
relating thereto. You further agree that your obligation to execute or
cause to be executed, when it is in your power to do so, any such
instrument or papers shall continue during and at all times after the end
of the Relationship and until the expiration of the last such intellectual
property right to expire in any country of the world. You hereby
irrevocably designate and appoint the Company and its duly authorized
officers and agents as your agent and attorney-in-fact, to act for and in
your behalf and stead to execute and file any such applications and to do
all other lawfully permitted acts to further the application for,
prosecution, issuance, maintenance or transfer of letters of patents,
copyright, mask work and other registrations related to such Company
Inventions. This power of attorney is coupled with an interest and shall
not be affected by your subsequent incapacity.


(g) Exception to Assignments. You understand that the Company Inventions
will not include, and the provisions of this letter agreement requiring
assignment of inventions to the Company do not apply to, any invention
which qualifies fully for exclusion under the provisions of applicable
state law, if any. In order to assist in the determination of which
inventions qualify for such exclusion, you will advise the Company promptly
in writing, during and after the term of your employment, of all Inventions
solely or jointly conceived or developed or reduced to practice by you
during the period of the Relationship.


6. Employment Relationship. Employment with the Company is for no specific
period of time. Your employment with the Company will be “at will,” meaning
that either you or the Company may terminate your employment at any time
and for any reason, with or without cause. Any contrary representations
which may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This letter
agreement, together with the Restricted Stock Agreement, are the full and
complete agreements between you and the Company on this term. Although your
job duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company’s
personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the “at
will” nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written
agreement signed by you and the Company.


7. Outside Activities. While you render services to the Company, you will
not assist any person or entity in competing with the Company, in preparing
to compete with the Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of
the Company, without the prior written consent of the Company.


8. Withholding Taxes. All forms of compensation referred to in this letter
are subject to applicable withholding and payroll taxes.


9. Entire Agreement; Severability. This letter agreement, together with the
Restricted Stock Agreement, set forth the entire agreement and
understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter thereof and
supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and written,
between the parties with respect to the subject matter thereof. If one or
more provisions of this letter agreement are held to be unenforceable under
applicable law, the remainder of the provisions of this letter agreement
shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected,
impaired or invalidated so long as the economic or legal substance of the
transactions contemplated hereby are not affected in any manner materially
adverse to any party. Upon such a determination, the parties agree to
renegotiate such provision in good faith to attempt to give effect to the
original intent of the letter agreement to the fullest extent possible.


10. Successors and Assigns. The provisions of this letter agreement shall
be binding and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the
Company’s successors and assigns. Neither party may assign any of their
rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the other party hereto.


11. Governing Law. This letter agreement and all acts and transactions
pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall
be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.


12. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This letter agreement may be executed in
any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the
same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument. This letter agreement shall be deemed effective upon the date
first written above. No provision of this letter agreement is intended to
confer any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder
upon any person other than the parties hereto and their respective
successors and permitted assigns and transferees.


                                                           Very truly yours,


                                                              [COMPANY NAME]


                                                                  By: [NAME]


                                               Title: [AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY]


ACCEPTED AND AGREED:


[OFFEREE]


                                  EXHIBIT A


                                 Inventions.


                          [LIST INVENTIONS IF ANY]

