
Client: [CLIENT NAME]


Primary Contact: [CONTACT PERSON'S NAME AND EMAIL]


Project: [TITLE OF PROJECT]


Designer: Ilie Ciorba


Date of Project: Start date or Date range


Project Deadline: Deadline


Purchase Order #: Order Number


Invoice #: [INVOICE NUMBER]



Creative Brief:


Proposal or Creative brief



Fee:


Icon design services are provided at a flat fee of $200.



1. Payment


All invoices are payable within 21 business days of receipt. The grant of
any license or right of copyright is conditioned on receipt of full
payment.


2. Estimates


The fees and expenses shown are minimum estimates only unless an hourly fee
has been agreed upon. That fee will be [HOURLY FEE] per hour and the
designer shall keep the client apprised of a tally of hours within a
reasonable period of time. Final fees and expenses shall be shown when
invoice is rendered.


3. Changes


Unless a flat fee is specified, the Client must assume that all additions,
alterations, changes in content, layout or process changes requested by the
customer, will alter the time and cost. The Client shall offer the Designer
the first opportunity to make any changes.



4. Cancellation


In the event of cancellation of this assignment, ownership of all
copyrights and the original artwork shall be retained by the Designer, and
a cancellation fee for work completed, and expenses already incurred, shall
be paid by the Client. Cancellation fee is based on the hours submitted, if
the project is on an hourly basis or a percentage based on the time
estimate for the entire job. A 100% cancellation fee is due once the
project has been finished, whether delivered to the client or not. If the
project is on an hourly basis and the project is canceled by the client,
the client agrees to pay no less than 100% of the hours already billed for
the project at the time of cancellation plus a flat fee of $50 or 50% of
the remaining hours that were expected to be completed on the project,
whichever is greater.



5. Ownership and return of artwork


In case of cancellation the Designer retains ownership of all original
artwork, whether preliminary or final, and the Client shall return such
artwork within 30 days of use unless indicated otherwise below. If transfer
of ownership of all rights is desired, the rates may be increased. If the
Client wishes the ownership of the rights to a specific design or concept,
these may be purchased at any time for a recalculation of the hourly rate
on the time billed or the entire project cost.


6. Credit Lines


The Designer and any other creators shall receive a credit line with any
editorial usage. If similar credit lines are to be given with other types
of usage, it must be so indicated here.



7. Modifications


Modifications of the terms of this contract must be written and authorized
by both parties, involving the implementation of a new version of the
contract as a whole following standard procedures of documentation and
approval.



8. Uniform commercial code


The above terms incorporate Article 2 of the Uniform Commercial Code.



9. Code of fair practice


The Designer warrants and represents that, to the best of his/her
knowledge, the work assigned hereunder is original and has not been
previously published, or that consent to use has been obtained on an
unlimited basis; that all work or portions thereof obtained through the
undersigned form third parties is original or, if previously published,
that consent to use has been obtained on an unlimited basis; that the
Designer has full authority to make this agreement; and that the work
prepared by the Designer does not contain any scandalous, libelous, or
unlawful matter. This warranty does not extend to any uses that the Client
or others may make of the Designer’s product that may infringe on the
rights of others. Client expressly agrees that it will hold the Designer
harmless for all liability caused by the Client’s use of the Designer’s
product to the extent such use infringes on the rights of others.



10. Limitation of liability


Client agrees that it shall not hold the Designer or his/her agents or
employees liable for any incidental or consequential damages that arise
from the Designer’s failure to perform any aspect of the project in a
timely manner, regardless of whether such failure was caused intentional or
negligent acts or omissions of the Designer or Client, any client
representatives or employees, or a third party.



11. Dispute Resolution


Any disputes in excess of maximum limit for small-claims court arising out
of this Agreement shall be submitted to binding arbitration before a
mutually agreed-upon arbitrator pursuant to the rules of the American
Arbitration Association. The Arbitrator’s award shall be final, and
judgment may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The
client shall pay all arbitration and court cost, reasonable attorney’s
fees, and legal interest on any award of judgment in favor of the Designer.
All actions, whether brought by client or by designer will be filed in the
designer's state/county of business/residence.
This contract is held accountable to the legal system of California and any
applicable statutes held therein.


11. Acceptance of terms


The action of the sending and receipt of this agreement via electronic
method will hold both parties in acceptance of these terms. The Designer as
sender and the client as recipient will acknowledge acceptance of these
terms either through an e-mail noting acceptance or acceptance is
acknowledged at the beginning of any work on said project. Electronic
signatures shall be considered legal and binding.

