
Version 34/10/2012


Intellectual Property


By uploading a file or other content or by making a comment, you represent
and warrant to us that (1) doing so does not violate or infringe anyone
else’s rights; and (2) you created the file or other content you are
uploading, or otherwise have sufficient intellectual property rights to
upload the material consistent with these terms. With regard to any file or
content you upload to the public portions of our site, you grant Imgur a
non-exclusive, royalty- free, perpetual, irrevocable worldwide license
(with sublicense and assignment rights) to use, to display online and in
any present or future media, to create derivative works of, to allow
downloads of, and/or distribute any such file or content. To the extent
that you delete a such file or content from the public portions of our
site, the license you grant to Imgur pursuant to the preceding sentence
will automatically terminate, but will not be revoked with respect to any
file or content Imgur has already copied and sublicensed or designated for
sublicense. Also, of course, anything you post to a public portion of our
site may be used by the public pursuant to the following paragraph even
after you delete it.


By downloading a file or other content from the Imgur site, you agree that
you will not use such file or other content except for personal, non-
commercial purposes, and you may not claim any rights to such file or other
content, except to the extent otherwise specifically provided in writing.


NOTICES OF CLAIMED COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT


If you see anything on our site that you believe infringes your copyright
rights, you may notify our Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") agent
by sending the following information:


    • Identification of the copyrighted work or works claimed to have been
      infringed;
    • Identification of the material on our servers that is claimed to be
      infringing and that is to be removed, including the URL or other
      information to enable us to locate the material;
    • A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material
      in the manner complained of is not authorized by you as copyright
      owner, or by your agent, or by law;
    • A statement that the information in your notice is accurate, and under
      penalty of perjury, that you are the owner (or authorized to act on
      behalf of the owner) of the exclusive copyright right that is
      allegedly being infringed.
    • Your physical or electronic signature, or of someone authorized to act
      on your behalf;
    • Instructions on how we may contact you: preferably email, but also
      address and phone


Our agent to receive such notifications of claimed infringement is Alan
Schaaf.

|Email:      |abuse@imgur.com                                     |
|Mailing     |Imgur LLC                                           |
|Address:    |929 Market Street, Suite 400                        |
|            |San Francisco, CA 94103                             |


Use the same procedure for any claimed trademark violations or other
infringements. If we receive a DMCA notice and remove something you posted
anonymously, we will have no way of notifying you, so you will have to
contact us if you think that may have happened. Keep in mind that we
reserve the right to remove any content at any time whether or not it
infringes or violates any of our policies.


Subscription and Payments


Imgur Pro subscriptions are available and payments are handled by PayPal,
pursuant to PayPal’s policies.


Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Remedies, Indemnity


Although of course we strive to make Imgur as dependable as possible,
Imgur’s services are provided on an AS IS – WITH ALL FAULTS basis. Your use
of our service is entirely at your own risk. We do not guarantee the
availability of our service at any given time, or the reliability of our
service when it is running. We do not guarantee the integrity of, or the
continued availability of files on, our servers. Whether we make backups,
and if so whether restoration of those backups will be available to you, is
at our discretion. IMGUR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED,
INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF FITNESS AND
MERCHANTABILITY. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING ELSE STATED IN THESE TERMS, AND
IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER IMGUR TAKES OR DOES NOT TAKE MEASURES TO REMOVE
INAPPROPRIATE OR HARMFUL CONTENT FROM ITS SITE, IMGUR HAS NO DUTY TO
MONITOR ANY CONTENT ON ITS SITE. IMGUR DOES NOT ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR
THE ACCURACY, APPROPRIATENESS, OR HARMLESSNESS OF ANY CONTENT APPEARING ON
IMGUR.COM THAT IS NOT PRODUCED BY IMGUR, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO USER
CONTENT, ADVERTISING CONTENT, OR OTHERWISE.


IMGUR’S liability for the loss of any services and/or of any images or
other data you may have stored on Imgur’s service is limited to a refund of
the cost, pro-rated if applicable, of the most recent month of service (if
you have paid for an Imgur Pro subscription). Otherwise, your sole remedy
is to discontinue the use of our service. IMGUR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, IMGUR'S SERVICES, EVEN IF
IMGUR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR REASONABLY SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NO CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF
IMGUR'S SERVICES MAY BE BROUGHT MORE THAN ONE YEAR AFTER IT ACCRUES.


YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD IMGUR AND ALL OF ITS PERSONNEL HARMLESS FROM
ALL LOSS, LIABILITY, CLAIMS, DAMAGES AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING REASONABLE
ATTORNEY FEES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS,
YOUR INFRINGEMENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY’S RIGHTS, AND ANY HARM CAUSED TO ANY
THIRD PARTY AS A RESULT OF YOUR UPLOADING OF FILES, COMMENTS, OR ANYTHING
ELSE TO OUR SERVERS.


Miscellaneous


"Imgur" or "we" refers to Imgur LLC, a California limited liability
company, and its successors and assigns. "You" refers to any person who has
consented to these terms or has become contractually bound to them, whether
such person is identified or not at the time. These terms are governed by
California law, excluding its conflicts of law principles, and if there is
a lawsuit between you and Imgur, jurisdiction and venue will lie
exclusively in the State where the defendant is located, if within the
United States, or in Santa Clara County, California otherwise. If any part
of these terms is invalid, the remaining provisions will be unaffected.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement among the parties
relating to this subject matter, and they will continue to govern any
issues that arise out of your use of Imgur's services even after you
discontinue using them. We may revise these terms from time to time without
notice. Whenever we do so, we will so indicate by changing the version date
at the top. Any changes apply as of the time they are posted. Imgur is not
meant for use by children under age 13; if your child is younger than 13
please allow him or her to use it only under your supervision.

