
You, [CLIENT NAME] (“Client” or “You”) asked me, [DESIGNER NAME]
(“Designer” or “I”) to design something for you. This is our Agreement for
this project:


What I agree to do:


1. Scope of Work. I will do the following within [TIME TO START] days after
I receive a signed copy of this Agreement and fifty percent of the payment
from you:


[DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF WORK]


2. Final Files. I will deliver to you, via electronic mail (or a
downloadable hyperlink), within [DELIVERY TIME] days after you approve the
final design(s), digital files containing the final design(s), in the
following format(s):


[LIST AND DESCRIPTION OF DELIVERABLES]


What I promise you:



3. Original Work/Conflicts/Confidentiality. I promise that, except for
anything that you gave me to incorporate into the design(s): (a) my work
will be original and will not be copied in whole or in part from any other
work; (b) I own the rights that I am giving you under this Agreement, or I
have secured such rights to any third-party content incorporated into my
final design(s); and (c) my work does not violate the patent, copyright,
trade secret or other property right of any person, firm or entity. I
promise that this Agreement does not conflict with any other contract,
agreement or understanding to which I am a party. Finally, I promise that
I’ll hold and maintain in strict confidence any confidential information
that you provide me (such as proprietary technical or business
information), and I will not disclose such information to any third party
except as may be required by a court or governmental authority.


What you promise me



4. Pay Me For My Work. You promise to pay me the total sum (“Fee”) of
$[PRICE] (U.S. Dollars) in two payments. fifty percent of the Fee will be
due when you and I sign this Agreement and before I begin. The remaining
fifty percent of the Fee will be due immediately before I send you final
files containing the final design(s) you approved. Payment will be made
using [METHOD OF PAYMENT]. If you ask me to use any third-party content
(such as stock photos) in the design(s), you promise to pay me the actual
cost of licensing that third-party content for use in the design(s). You
agree that until you pay me in full, you will not acquire the rights or
license to use or transfer ownership of any design(s) that I create for you
under this Agreement.


5. Pay Me For Extra Work. I agree that the Fee you owe me will cover in
full all of the work listed in paragraph 1 of this Agreement. You agree
that if you ask me to make changes or do other work for you that is not
covered by this Agreement, you’ll pay me an hourly rate of $[DESIGNER
HOURLY RATE] per hour and this payment will be in addition to all other
amounts you owe me under this Agreement. You also agree that if you ask me
to do work outside the scope of this Agreement, I may have extra time to
send you the final files for the design(s).


6. You Have Rights To The Client Content. You promise that: (a) You own the
rights to use anything you give me (“Client Content”); and (b) using such
Client Content does not violate the patent, copyright, trade secret or
other property right of any person, firm or entity. You grant me a
nonexclusive, nontransferable license to use, reproduce, modify, display
and publish the Client Content solely in connection with my work for you
under this Agreement and my limited promotional uses as allowed by this
Agreement. You also affirm and represent that this Agreement does not
conflict with any other contract, agreement or understanding to which you
are a party.


7. You Promise To Provide Feedback. You agree that I cannot send you final
files unless you give me timely feedback and approve the final proofs I’ll
send you. You agree to provide timely feedback so that I can understand
your concerns, objections or corrections to the design(s). I agree to
listen to your feedback and make changes to the design(s) in response to
your feedback. You promise not to unreasonably withhold acceptance of the
final design(s). Finally, you agree that my work on this project will be
complete and the Agreement will end after I deliver to you final files
containing the final design(s) that you’ve approved.


What rights each of us will have:



8. Rights Before You Pay Me In Full. You understand and agree that until
you pay me in full, I own full rights to each and every original design I
create for you under this Agreement. If you don’t pay me in full, you agree
that I can complete, exhibit, use and sell the design(s) at my sole and
absolute discretion. You also agree that I own all of the concepts created
before you select the final design(s).


9. Rights After You Pay Me In Full. I understand and agree that after you
pay me in full, you will own rights (as defined in this Agreement) to the
final design(s) that you approve and I create for you. You understand and
agree that I own all of the concepts/preliminary designs created before you
select the final design(s), except for elements in those concepts that are
incorporated into the final design(s) that I deliver to you. You will
receive rights for the final design(s) only. You agree that I will retain
the right to use the final design(s) and all preliminary designs in design
competitions, publications on design, educational purposes and in marketing
my design business. You will be solely responsible to make sure that the
design(s) I create for you will be available for use in commerce and
protectable under trademark law.


10. Right To Make Changes. I agree that after you pay me in full, you may
make any changes or additions to the design(s) I create for you under this
Agreement, which you in your discretion may consider necessary, and you may
engage others to make any such changes or additions, without further
payments to me. You agree that if you ask me to make changes or additions
to the design(s) after you approve the final files, you and I will
negotiate a separate additional payment for my time to make such changes.


10. No Right To Make Changes. You agree that you may not make any changes
or additions to the design(s) I create for you under this Agreement,
without my express written permission. You may however, change the size of
the design(s) if you need to make it smaller or larger for printing or
display purposes.]


11. Rights For Logo Designs. If the work I am doing for you includes the
design of a logo, I give you the full rights to use the logo design I
create in any and all media without restrictions of any kind. Additionally,
I agree that after you pay me in full, I will cooperate with you and
execute any additional documents reasonably requested by you to evidence
such assignment of rights.


12. Rights For Designs Other Than Logos. For any non-logo design(s) that I
create for you, I give you the following rights:


[SPECIFY COPYRIGHT ASSIGNMENT]


If you want to purchase a right that’s not listed in this paragraph, you
and I will need to negotiate a separate license for such additional rights,
and you’ll pay me a separate fee.


Miscellaneous terms



13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive
agreement between you and I concerning the work on this project, and it
supersedes all other prior agreements, proposals, and representations,
whether stated orally or in writing. We can modify this agreement in
writing, if both you and I sign that modification.


14. I Am An Independent Contractor. You agree that I am an independent
contractor and not your employee. Although you will provide general
direction to me, I will determine, in my sole discretion, the manner and
ways in which I will create the design(s) for you. The work that I create
for you under this Agreement will not be deemed a “work-for-hire”, as that
term is defined under U.S. Copyright Law. Whatever rights I grant you are
contained in this Agreement.


By signing this agreement, you and I agree: (a) to all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and (b) that we have the full authority to
enter into this Agreement. The Agreement is effective as of the most recent
date that appears below.


