
                      INDEPENDENT CONSULTING AGREEMENT


This Independent Consulting Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of
[DATE] ("Effective Date") between [COMPANY NAME] , a corporation existing
under the laws of Singapore with registration number 123456789A, or any of
its current or future subsidiaries, affiliates, successors or assigns
(collectively, the “Company”) and [CONSULTANT NAME], Passport / Identity
Card S1234567A (the “Consultant”) (collectively, the “Parties”).


WHEREAS, Company requests Consultant to perform services for it and may
request Consultant to perform other services in the future; and


WHEREAS, the Company and Consultant desire to enter into an agreement,
which will define respective rights and duties as to all services to be
performed;


WHEREAS, the Consultant affirms that he or she understands all of the
provisions contained in this Agreement, and in the case that he or she
requires clarification as to one or more of the provisions contained
herein, he or she has requested clarification or otherwise sought legal
guidance,


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of covenants and agreements contained
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1. Consulting Services


(a) Engagement. Effective [SERVICES COMMENCEMENT DATE] Company shall retain
Consultant and Consultant shall provide Company with consulting services
(the "Consulting Services"), including, but not limited to, software
development in the field of AREA OF WORK


(b) Standard of Services. All Services to be provided by Consultant shall
be performed with promptness and diligence in a workmanlike manner and at a
level of proficiency to be expected of a consultant with the background and
experience that Consultant has represented it has. The Company shall
provide such access to its information, property and personnel as may be
reasonably required in order to permit the Consultant to perform the
Services.


(c) Tools, Instruments and Equipment. Consultant shall provide Consultant’s
own tools, instruments and equipment and place of performing the Services,
unless otherwise agreed between the Parties.


2. Objectives and Changes.


(a) Specification of Objectives. The Company will indicate specific tasks,
actions to be completed, or results to be achieved under this agreement
(henceforth "Objectives") on a rolling basis either orally or in writing.
It is understood that Objectives may be added, removed, changes, or re-
prioritized during the course of this agreement without penalty to the
Company.


(b) Dispute of Objectives. In the event of a dispute about the Objectives
communicated to the Consultant orally, the Consultant may request, in
writing, that all future Objectives are communicated in writing and from
that point forward only those Objectives communicated in writing shall be
valid Objectives under this agreement. The Consultant may, at any time,
choose to allow oral specification of Objectives again by notifying the
Company in writing that such specification is once again allowed.


3. Compensation


(a) Amount. The work performed by Consultant shall be performed at the rate
set forth below:


[RATE] Singapore Dollars ($) per hour/week/month


Consultant and Company shall agree on the estimated number of hours to be
worked on a weekly basis or as often as mutually agreed.


(b) Payment. Invoices shall be issued to Company by Consultant monthly
after performance of the Work, and payment shall be due [NUMBER OF DAYS]
business days after receipt of invoices.


(c) Taxes. Company shall not be responsible for taxes of any nature derived
from the Consultant's net income or for the withholding and/or payment of
any taxes, workers' compensation, insurance, disability benefits or other
legal requirements applicable to Consultant.


(d) The payments made by the Company are full and complete compensation for
all obligations assumed by Consultant under this Agreement and for all Work
Product and Intellectual Property produced and assigned to the Company
under or pursuant to paragraph 8 below.


4. Expenses


(a) Payment. Where the Company requires, and the Consultant incurs,
expenses outside the scope of Paragraph 1(c), the Company shall reimburse
Consultant for all pre-approved, reasonable and necessary expenses incurred
in connection with the Consulting Services, including, without limitation,
domestic and foreign travel, lodging and meal expenses .


(b) Substantiation. The Consultant shall provide Company with documentation
supporting all expenses.


(c) Payment. Company shall reimburse Consultant within [NUMBER OF BUSINESS
DAYS TO REIMBURSE] days upon receipt of a request for reimbursement from
the Consultant.


5. Independent Consultant Status


(a) Status. Consultant is an independent contractor of Company. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to create the relationship
of employer and employee, principal and agent, partnership or joint
venture, or any other fiduciary relationship.


(b) No Authority. Consultant shall have no authority to act as agent for,
or on behalf of, Company, or to represent Company, or bind Company in any
manner.


(c) No Employee Benefits. Consultant shall not be entitled to worker's
compensation, retirement, insurance or other benefits afforded to employees
of Company.


6. Representations and Warranties.


(a) The Company and the Consultant respectively represents and warrants to
each other that each respectively is fully authorized and empowered to
enter into the Agreement and that their entering into the Agreement and to
each parties' knowledge the performance of their respective obligations
under the Agreement will not violate any agreement between the Company or
the Consultant respectively and any other person, firm or organization or
any law or governmental regulation.


(b) The Consultant warrants that he or she is more than eighteen (18) years
of age and not otherwise incapacitated at the time of the Agreement.


7. Confidential Information


(a) Obligations of Non-Disclosure and Non-Use. Consultant and its employees
shall not, during the time of rendering services to the Company or
thereafter, disclose to anyone other than authorized employees of the
Company (or persons designated by such duly authorized employees of the
Company) or use for the benefit of Consultant and its employees or for any
entity other than the Company, any information relating to the Company's
business, including but not limited to, the Work Product and any such
materials or intellectual property; any of the Company projects or
programs; the technical, commercial, marketing, or any other affairs of the
Company; or, any confidential information which the Company has received
from a third party (collectively, "Confidential Information").


(b) Confidential Information does not include information which: (i) is in
or comes into the public domain without breach of this Agreement by the
Consultant, (ii) was in the possession of the Consultant prior to receipt
from the Company and was not acquired by the Consultant from the Company
under an obligation of confidentiality or non-use, (iii) is acquired by the
Consultant from a third party not under an obligation of confidentiality or
non-use to the Company, or (iv) is independently developed by the
Consultant without use of any Confidential Information or resources of the
Company.


(c) Consultant and its employees further agree that, during the term of the
Relationship and thereafter, Consultant and its employees will not
improperly use or disclose to the Company any confidential, proprietary or
secret information of Consultant’s former clients, employers or any other
person,firm or organization, and Consultant and its employees agree not to
bring any such information onto the Company’s property, electronic spaces
or places of business.


(d) This Agreement is intended to supplement, and not to supersede, any
rights the Company may have in law or equity with respect to the protection
of trade secrets or confidential or proprietary information.


8. Intellectual Property


(a) Work Product. During the course of performing the Consulting Services,
Consultant and its directors, officers, employees, or other representatives
may, independently or in conjunction with Company, develop information or
intellectual property, produce work product, or achieve other results for
Company to complete the objectives of the Consulting Services it performs
for Company.


(b) Ownership. Consultant agrees that such information, intellectual
property, work product, and other results, systems and information
developed by Consultant and/or Company in the course of performing such
Consulting Services (hereinafter referred to collectively as the "Work
Product") shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Company.


(c) Assignment of Interest. To the extent that any right, title and
interest in the Work Product is capable of prospective assignment,
Consultant now assigns all right, title and interest in and to such Work
Product, including but not limited to copyright and all rights subsumed
thereunder, patents, trade marks, service marks, registered designs,
database rights, design rights, confidential information, and all other
intellectual property rights, including all extensions and renewals thereof
(collectively, the "Intellectual Property") to the Company; and to the
extent any Intellectual Property cannot prospectively be assigned, you will
assign such Intellectual Property to the Company as and when it is created
with immediate effect. Any assignment made under or pursuant to this
paragraph is made or will be made with full title guarantee.


(d) Moral Rights. Consultant also agrees to waive any and all moral rights
relating to the Work Product and Intellectual Property, including but not
limited to, any and all rights of identification of authorship and any and
all rights of approval, restriction or limitation on use, and subsequent
modifications.


(e) Assistance. Consultant further agrees to provide all assistance
reasonably requested by Company, both during and subsequent to the Term of
this Agreement, in the establishment, preservation and enforcement of
Company's rights in the Work Product and Intellectual Property.


(f) License. In the event that Consultant integrates any work that was
previously created by the Consultant into any Work Product, the Consultant
shall grant to, and Company is hereby granted, a worldwide, royalty-free,
perpetual, irrevocable license to exploit the incorporated items,
including, but not limited to, any and all copyrights, patents, designs,
trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, in
connection with the Work Product in any manner that Company deems
appropriate. Consultant warrants that it shall not knowingly incorporate
into any Work Product any material that would infringe any intellectual
property rights of any third party.


(g) Return of Property. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Consultant
agrees to deliver promptly to Company all printed, electronic, audio-
visual, and other tangible manifestations of the Work Product and
Confidential Information, including all originals and copies thereof.
Consultant will not retain any originals or copies of the Work Product and
Confidential Information in any form.


9. Interference with Business


(a) Conflict Of Interest. Consultant agrees not to be directly engaged in,
or concerned with any other business or profession which either competes
with the Company or that might otherwise cause a conflict of interest
without first obtaining the Company's written consent. If in any doubt as
to whether a conflict of interest might exist, the Consultant should
immediately discuss the matter with the Company before accepting any
position or appointment.


(b) Non-solicitation. During the term of this Agreement and for [NON-
SOLICITATION PERIOD] after any termination of this Agreement, Consultant
will not, without the prior written consent of the Company, either directly
or indirectly, on Consultant 's own behalf or in the service or on behalf
of others, solicit or attempt to solicit, divert or hire away any person
employed by the Company, or any customer of the Company.


10. Term


(a) This Agreement shall commence on the date and year first above written
and shall continue for an initial period of [TERM OF AGREEMENT] unless
earlier terminated in accordance with this Agreement.


(b) This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive periods of
[SUBSEQUENT TERMS] on the same terms and conditions contained herein,
unless terminated by either party in accordance with this Agreement.


11. Termination


(a) Notice of Termination.This Agreement may be terminated by either Party,
without cause and without liability, by giving no less than fourteen (14)
calendar days written notice of such termination to the other Party, or any
other period as shall be mutually agreed in writing.


(b) Material Breach. This Agreement may be terminated by either Party by
giving no less than one (1) calendar day(s) written notice of such
termination to the other Party in the event of a material breach by the
other Party. “Material breach” shall include:


(i) any violation of the terms of Paragraphs 1(b), 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and
16(d),


(ii) any other breach that a Party has failed to cure within one (1)
calendar day(s) after receipt of written notice by the other Party,


(iii) the death or physical or mental incapacity of Consultant or any key
person performing the Services on its behalf as a result of which the
Consultant or such key person becomes unable to continue the proper
performance of the Services,


(iv) an act of gross negligence or wilful misconduct of a Party, and


(v) the insolvency, liquidation or bankruptcy of a Party.


(c) Payment Upon Termination. The Company will pay Consultant for all
Services performed by Consultant through the date of termination.


12. Force Majeure


(a) Either Party shall be excused from any delay or failure in performance
required hereunder if caused by reason of any occurrence or contingency
beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God,
acts of war, fire, insurrection, strikes, lock-outs or other serious labor
disputes, riots, earthquakes, floods, explosions or other acts of nature.


(b) The obligations and rights of the Party so excused shall be extended on
a day-to-day basis for the time period equal to the period of such
excusable interruption. When such events have abated, the Parties’
respective obligations hereunder shall resume.


(c) In the event the interruption of the excused Party’s obligations
continues for a period in excess of thirty (30) calendar days, either Party
shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon seven (7) calendar
days’ prior written notice to the other Party.


13. Data Retention. Consultant consents to the Company holding and
processing any personal data collected about the Consultant for the purpose
of administering and managing the Company's business.


14. General Provisions


(a) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements, representations
and understandings of the parties, written or oral.


(b) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together,
shall constitute one and the same agreement.


(c) Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement of
the parties.


(d) Assignment. The Services to be performed by Consultant hereunder are
personal in nature, and Company has engaged Consultant as a result of
Consultant’s expertise relating to such Services. Consultant, therefore,
agrees that it will not assign, sell, transfer, delegate or otherwise
dispose of this Agreement or any right, duty or obligation under this
Agreement without the Company’s prior written consent. Nothing in this
Agreement shall prevent the assignment by the Company of this Agreement or
any right, duty or obligation hereunder to any third party.


(e) Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall be
held unenforceable for any reason, then such provision shall be modified to
reflect the parties’ intention. All remaining provisions of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect for the duration of this Agreement.


(f) No Waiver of Rights. A failure or delay in exercising any right, power
or privilege in respect of this Agreement will not be presumed to operate
as a waiver, and a single or partial exercise of any right, power or
privilege will not be presumed to preclude any subsequent or further
exercise, of that right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege.


(g) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the SINGAPORE, without regard to its conflict
of laws rules. Any action instituted by either party arising out of this
Agreement shall only be brought, tried and resolved in the applicable
courts having jurisdiction in SINGAPORE. Each party hereby consents to the
exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the courts having jurisdiction
in SINGAPORE.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, as represented by and the Consultant have
each executed and delivered this Agreement as of the Effective Date.


This document is electronically signed on behalf of the Company by:


[COMPANY SIGNATORY NAME]


[COMPANY SIGNATORY TITLE]


[COMPANY SIGNATORY SIGNING EMAIL ADDRESS]

