
                      Independent Contractor Agreement


This Independent Contractor Agreement ("Agreement") is made and entered
into by and between, Angel Tahimik ("Contractor") and Kick Associates
Incorporated (“Client”).


1. Position Title. Contractor functions as a Web and Marketing Copywriter
and is expected to be responsible for the writing and producing web content
for the following sites: http://ministrygear.com/; http://vbstshirts.com/;
http://youthgroupt-shirts.com/;


Other sites/niches in progress: Spanish ministry site, school site


This is Telecommute/work-from-home position and was approved by the Client.


2.Engagement of Services.Web and Marketing Copywriter will provide Client
with the following services (remotely):


Client’s goal for the position as discussed; “We want you to become our
written ‘voice’ You will need to learn about the custom apparel industry
our position in the industry, our customers and even our competitors well
enough to write helpfully and effectively. Direct help from us will be
available along with Industry publications, books and industry blogs. So
that you would eventually be able to work with minimal supervision as an
expert and ambassador for the companies.”


3.Probation.It is understood and agreed that the of employment/agreement
shall constitute 4- month contract as a testing period during which period
the Client may, in its absolute discretion, terminate the contract if the
Client deems that the contractor has not met expectations. After this
period, change in workload and other long-term plans may be discussed.


4.Compensation. Client shall pay Contractor an hourly rate of $15 per hour,
minimum of 10-15 hours per week, with the possibility of progressing to up
to 20 hours per week, depending on workload and responsibilities. Payment
shall be made as follows:


a. Monthly/Bi Weekly – Please fill this portion


b. Payment made by direct deposit


3. Independent Contractor Relationship. Contractor's relationship with
Client will be that of an independent contractor, and nothing in this
Agreement is intended to, or should be construed to, create a partnership,
agency, joint venture, or employment relationship. Contractor will not be
entitled under this Agreement to any of the benefits that Client may make
available to its employees, including but not limited to group health
insurance, life insurance, profit-sharing, retirement benefits, paid
vacation, holidays or sick leave, or workers' compensation insurance. No
part of Contractor's compensation will be subject to withholding by Client
for the payment of any social security, federal, state or any other
employee payroll taxes. Client will regularly report amounts paid to
Contractor by filing a Form 1099-MISC with the Internal Revenue Service as
required by law. Contractor may perform the services required by this
Agreement at any place or location and at suchtimes, as Contractor shall
determine. Contractor agrees to provide all tools and instrumentalities, if
any, required to perform the services under this Agreement.


4. Ownership of Property. Contractor acknowledges and agrees that all
documents produced by Contractor, including but not limited to memoranda,
research notes, correspondence, emails, pleadings, and reports in the
course of his work for Client, shall be the property of Client, and
Contractor shall retain no ownership, interest, or rights therein.


5. Confidential Information. Contractor shall not, during the time of
rendering services to the Company or thereafter, disclose to anyone other
than authorized employees of the Company (or persons designated by such
duly authorized employees of the Company) or use for the benefit of the
Contractor and his or her employees or for any entity other than the
Company, any information of a confidential nature, including but not
limited to, information relating to: any such materials or intellectual
property; any of the Company projects or programs; the technical,
commercial or any other affairs of the Company; or, any confidential
information which the Company has received from a third party.


6.Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the
laws of the United States of America and by the laws of the State of
Indiana. Each of the parties irrevocably consents to the exclusive personal
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Indiana, as
applicable, for any matter arising out of or relating to this Agreement,
except that in actions seeking to enforce any order or any judgment of such
federal or state courts located in Indiana, such personal jurisdiction
shall be nonexclusive.


7.Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of
law to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) that provision shall be
deemed amended to achieve as nearly as possible the same economic effect as
the original provision, and (b) the legality, validity, and enforceability
of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or
impaired thereby.


8.Injunctive Relief for Breach. Contractor agrees that his obligations
under this Agreement are of a unique character that gives them particular
value; Contractor's breach of any of such obligations will result in
irreparable and continuing damage to Client, for which there will be no
adequate remedy at law; and, in the event of such breach, Client will be
entitled to injunctive relief and/or a decree for specific performance, and
such other and further relief as may be proper (including monetary damages
if appropriate).


Agreed to this 6th day of February 2015.

|Contractor                  |Client                      |
|                            |                            |
|____________________________|____________________________|
|___                         |___                         |
|Angel C. Tahimik            |Don Kick                    |
|Freelance Writer            |CEO & Owner                 |
|                            |Kick Associates Inc.        |

