
FORM OF INDEMNIFICATION AGREEMENT


This Indemnification Agreement ("Agreement") is effective as of [APR 15,
2012], by and between Facebook, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Company"), and [DIRECTOR]("Indemnitee"). For purposes of this Agreement,
the "Company" shall be deemed to include Facebook and its subsidiaries.


In order to set out the responsibilities between the Company and Indemnitee
in case of indemnification proceedings, and in consideration of
Indemnitee's agreement to provide services to the Company, the Company and
Indemnitee hereby agree to the following:


1. Certain Definitions.


(a) "Claim" shall mean any threatened, pending or completed action, suit,
proceeding or alternative dispute resolution mechanism, or any hearing,
inquiry or investigation that Indemnitee in good faith believes might lead
to the institution of any such action, suit, proceeding or alternative
dispute resolution mechanism, whether civil, criminal, administrative,
whether formal or informal, investigative or other.


(c) "Expenses" shall mean any and all expenses (including attorneys' fees
and all other costs, expenses and obligations) incurred in connection with
investigating, defending, being a witness in or participating in (including
on appeal), or preparing to defend, to be a witness in or to participate
in, any action, suit, proceeding, alternative dispute resolution mechanism,
hearing, inquiry or investigation, whether formal or informal.


(d) "Expense Advance" shall mean an advance payment of Expenses to
Indemnitee pursuant to Section 3(a).


(e) "Indemnifiable Event" shall mean any event or occurrence related to the
fact that Indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or
fiduciary of the Company, or any subsidiary of the Company, or is or was
serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee,
agent or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action or inaction on the
part of Indemnitee while serving in such capacity.


(f) "Independent Directors" shall mean those members of the Board
consisting of directors who are not parties to the Claim.


(g) "Independent Legal Counsel" shall mean an attorney or firm of
attorneys, selected in accordance with the provisions of Section 3(e)
hereof, who shall not have otherwise performed services for the Company or
Indemnitee within the last three years (other than with respect to matters
concerning the rights of Indemnitee under this Agreement, or of other
indemnitees under similar indemnity agreements).


(h) "Other Liabilities" shall mean judgments, fines, penalties and amounts
paid in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance by the
Company, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) of any Claim
regarding any Indemnifiable Event and any federal, state, local or foreign
taxes imposed on the Indemnitee as a result of the actual or deemed receipt
of any payments under this Agreement.


(i) References to "other enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans;
references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes assessed on Indemnitee
with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to "serving at the
request of the Company" shall include any service as a director, officer,
employee, agent or fiduciary of the Company which imposes duties on, or
involves services by, such director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary
with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or its
beneficiaries; and if Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner
Indemnitee reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants
and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan, Indemnitee shall be deemed
to have acted in a manner "not opposed to the best interests of the
Company" as referred to in this Agreement.


(j) "Reviewing Party" shall mean an election made from among the following:
(i) those members of the Board who are Independent Directors; (ii) a
committee of Independent Directors designated by a majority of the
Independent Directors; or (iii) Independent Legal Counsel selected by the
Indemnitee and approved by the Company (which approval shall not be
unreasonably withheld).


 2. Indemnification.


(a) Indemnification of Expenses and Other Liabilities. The Company shall
indemnify Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by law if Indemnitee
was, is, or becomes a participant in any Claim by reason of any
Indemnifiable Event against Expenses and Other Liabilities. Indemnitee
hereby agrees to repay to the Company all amounts advanced to Indemnitee if
it is ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to
indemnification. Other than in respect of Expense Advances paid in
accordance with Section 3(a) hereof, such payment of Expenses shall be made
by the Company as soon as practicable but no later than five (5) business
days after Indemnitee presents written demand to the Company.


(b) Determination of Right to Indemnification. Unless otherwise provided in
Section 11, the Company shall indemnify Indemnitee pursuant to Section 2(a)
if Indemnitee has not failed to meet the applicable standard of conduct for
indemnification. With respect to all matters arising concerning whether or
not the Indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct, the
Indemnitee shall be entitled to select the Reviewing Party. The Reviewing
Party shall determine whether and to what extent Indemnitee would be
permitted to be indemnified under applicable law and the Company and
Idemnitee agree to abide by such determination, which, if made by
Independent Legal Counsel shall be made in a written opinion.


(c) Mandatory Payment of Expenses. Indemnitee shall be indemnified against
all Expenses incurred in defense of any Claim regarding any Indemnifiable
Event, where Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise,
including the dismissal of an action without prejudice, except as specified
in Section 11.


3. Expenses; Indemnification Procedure.


(a) Advancement of Expenses. The Company shall advance all Expenses
incurred by Indemnitee. The advances to be made hereunder shall be paid by
the Company to Indemnitee as soon as practicable but no later than 30 days
after Indemnitee provides written demand to the Company. Indemnitee hereby
agrees to repay to the Company all amounts advanced to Indemnitee if it is
ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification.
The Company's obligation to advance Expenses shall terminate with respect
to any Claim as to which the Indemnitee shall have entered a plea of guilty
or nolo contendere, or an equivalent plea acknowledging guilt.


(b) Notice/Cooperation by Indemnitee. Indemnitee shall, as a condition
precedent to Indemnitee's right to be indemnified under this Agreement,
give the Company notice in writing as soon as practicable of any Claim made
against Indemnitee for which indemnification will or could be sought under
this Agreement; provided however that the failure to so provide notice to
the Company shall not relieve the Company from any liability that it may
have to Indemnitee hereunder unless the Company's ability to participate in
the defense of such claim was materially and adversely affected by such
failure. Notice to the Company shall be directed to the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company at the address shown on the signature page of this
Agreement (or such other address as the Company shall designate in writing
to Indemnitee). In addition, Indemnitee shall give the Company such
information and cooperation as it may reasonably require and as shall be
within Indemnitee's power, to the extent that doing so is consistent with
the exercise of the Indemnitee's rights under the federal and state
Constitutions. Company shall provide Indemnitee with such information and
cooperation as Indemnitee may reasonably require, to the extent that doing
so is consistent with the Company's obligation to cooperate with regulatory
or law enforcement agencies.


(c) No Presumptions; Burden of Proof. For purposes of this Agreement, the
termination of any Claim by judgment, order, settlement (whether with or
without court approval) or conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere,
or its equivalent, shall not create a presumption that Indemnitee did not
meet any particular standard of conduct or have any particular belief or
that a court has determined that indemnification is not permitted by
applicable law.


(d) Notice to Insurers. If, at the time of the receipt by the Company of a
notice of a Claim pursuant to Section 3(b) hereof, the Company has
liability insurance in effect which may cover such Claim, the Company shall
give prompt notice of the commencement of such Claim to the insurers in
accordance with the procedures set forth in the respective policies. The
Company shall thereafter take all necessary or desirable action to cause
such insurers to pay, on behalf of the Indemnitee, all amounts payable as a
result of such Claim in accordance with the terms of such policies. The
Company shall keep Indemnitee reasonably informed as to the status of all
relevant insurance matters.


(e) Selection of Counsel. In the event the Company shall be obligated to
pay the Expenses of any Claim, the Company, if appropriate, shall be
entitled to defend such Claim with counsel approved by Indemnitee (not to
be unreasonably withheld) upon the delivery to Indemnitee of written notice
of the Company's election so to do. After delivery of such notice, approval
of such counsel by Indemnitee and the retention of such counsel by the
Company, the Company will not be liable to Indemnitee under this Agreement
for any fees of counsel subsequently incurred by Indemnitee with respect to
the same Claim; provided that, (i) Indemnitee shall have the right to
employ Indemnitee's separate counsel in any such Claim at Indemnitee's own
expense and (ii) if (A) the employment of separate counsel by Indemnitee
has been previously authorized by the Company, (B) Indemnitee shall have
reasonably concluded that there may be a conflict of interest between the
Company and Indemnitee in the conduct of any such defense, or (C) the
Company shall not continue to retain such counsel to defend such Claim,
then the fees and expenses of Indemnitee's separate counsel shall be
considered an Expense.


 4. Additional Indemnification Rights; Nonexclusivity; Company Obligations
Primary.


(a) Scope. The Company hereby agrees to indemnify the Indemnitee to the
fullest extent permitted by law, notwithstanding that such indemnification
is not specifically authorized by the other provisions of this Agreement,
the Company's Certificate of Incorporation, the Company's Bylaws (as now or
hereafter in effect) or by statute. In the event of any change after the
date of this Agreement in any applicable law, statute or rule which expands
the right of a Delaware corporation to indemnify a member of its board of
directors or an officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, it is the intent of
the parties hereto that Indemnitee shall enjoy by this Agreement the
greater benefits afforded by such change. In the event of any change in any
applicable law, statute or rule which narrows the right of a Delaware
corporation to indemnify a member of its board of directors or an officer,
employee, agent or fiduciary, such change, to the extent not otherwise
required by such law, statute or rule to be applied to this Agreement,
shall have no effect on this Agreement or the parties' rights and
obligations hereunder except as set forth in Section 11(a).


(b) Nonexclusivity. The indemnification provided by this Agreement shall be
in addition to any rights to which Indemnitee may be entitled under the
Company's Certificate of Incorporation, its Bylaws (as now hereafter in
effect), any other agreement, any vote of stockholders or disinterested
directors, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or
otherwise. The indemnification provided under this Agreement shall continue
as to Indemnitee for any action taken or not taken while serving in an
indemnified capacity even though Indemnitee may have ceased to serve in
such capacity.


(c) Company Obligations Primary. The Company hereby acknowledges that
Indemnitee may have rights to indemnification for Expenses and Other
Liabilities provided by [name of VC or other sponsoring organization]
("Other Indemnitor"). The Company agrees with Indemnitee that the Company
is the indemnitor of first resort of Indemnitee with respect to matters for
which indemnification is provided under this Agreement and that the Company
will be obligated to make all payments due to or for the benefit of
Indemnitee under this Agreement without regard to any rights that
Indemnitee may have against the Other Indemnitor. The Company hereby waives
any equitable rights to contribution or indemnification from the Other
Indemnitor in respect of any amounts paid to Indemnitee hereunder. The
Company further agrees that no payment of Expenses or Other Liabilities by
the Other Indemnitor to or for the benefit of Indemnitee shall affect the
obligations of the Company hereunder, and that the Company shall be
obligated to repay the Other Indemnitor for all amounts so paid or
reimbursed to the extent that the Company has an obligation to indemnify
Indemnitee for such Expenses or Other Liabilities hereunder.


 5. Contribution.


(a) Whether or not the indemnification provided in Section 2 hereof is
available, in respect of any threatened, pending or completed action, suit
or proceeding in which the Company is or may be jointly liable with
Indemnitee, the Company shall, unless indemnification would not be
available as a result of Section 11 hereof, pay, in the first instance, the
entire amount of any judgment or settlement of such action, suit or
proceeding without requiring Indemnitee to contribute to such payment and
the Company hereby waives and relinquishes any right of contribution it may
have against Indemnitee. The Company shall not enter into any settlement of
any action, suit or proceeding in which the Company is or may be jointly
liable with Indemnitee unless such settlement provides for a full and final
release of all claims asserted against Indemnitee.


(b) If, for any reason, Indemnitee shall elect or be required to pay all or
any portion of any judgment or settlement in any threatened, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding in which the Company is or may be
jointly liable with Indemnitee, the Company shall contribute to the amount
of expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred and paid or payable by Indemnitee in proportion to the
relative benefits received by the Company and all officers, directors or
employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who are or may be jointly
liable with Indemnitee, on the one hand, and Indemnitee, on the other hand,
from the transaction from which such action, suit or proceeding arose;
provided, however, that the proportion determined on the basis of relative
benefit may, to the extent necessary to conform to law, be further adjusted
by reference to the relative fault of the Company and Indemnitee in
connection with the events that resulted in such expenses, judgments, fines
or settlement amounts, as well as any other equitable considerations which
the Law may require to be considered. The relative fault of the Company and
Indemnitee shall be determined by reference to, among other things, the
degree to which their actions were motivated by intent to gain personal
profit or advantage, the degree to which their liability is primary or
secondary and the degree to which their conduct is active or passive.


(c) The Company hereby agrees to fully indemnify and hold Indemnitee
harmless from any claims of contribution which may be brought by officers,
directors or employees of the Company, other than Indemnitee, who may be
jointly liable with Indemnitee.


(d) To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, if the
indemnification provided for in this Agreement is unavailable to Indemnitee
for any reason whatsoever other than the reasons set forth in Section 11,
the Company, in lieu of indemnifying Indemnitee, shall contribute to the
amount incurred by Indemnitee, whether for judgments, fines, penalties,
excise taxes, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and/or for Expenses
and Other Liabilities, in connection with any claim relating to an
indemnifiable event under this Agreement, in such proportion as is deemed
fair and reasonable in light of all of the circumstances of such proceeding
in order to reflect (i) the relative benefits received by the Company and
Indemnitee as a result of the event(s) and/or transaction(s) giving cause
to such proceeding; and/or (ii) the relative fault of the Company (and its
directors (other than Indemnitee) officers, employees and agents) and
Indemnitee in connection with such event(s) and/or transaction(s).


6. Settlement. In the event that any action, claim or proceeding to which
Indemnitee is a party is resolved in settlement or dismissal, it shall be
presumed that Indemnitee has been successful on the merits or otherwise in
such action, suit or proceeding. Anyone seeking to overcome this
presumption shall have the burden of proof.


7. No Duplication of Payments. The Company shall not be liable under this
Agreement to make any payment in connection with any Claim made against
Indemnitee to the extent Indemnitee has otherwise actually received payment
(under any insurance policy, provision of the Company's Certificate of
Incorporation, Bylaw (as now or hereafter in effect) or otherwise) of the
amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder.


8. Partial Indemnification. If Indemnitee is entitled under any provision
of this Agreement to indemnification by the Company for some or a portion
of Expenses or Other Liabilities incurred in connection with any Claim, but
not, however, for all of the total amount thereof, the Company shall
nevertheless indemnify Indemnitee for the portion of such Expenses and
Other Liabilities to which Indemnitee is entitled.


9. No Imputation. The knowledge or actions, or failure to act, of any
director, officer, agent or employee of the Company or the Company itself
shall not be imputed to Indemnitee for purposes of determining the right to
indemnification under this Agreement.


10. Liability Insurance. For the duration of Indemnitee's service as a
director or officer or other agent of the Company, and for so long as
Indemnitee shall be subject to any pending or possible Claim by reason of
any Indemnifiable Event, the Company shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to cause to be maintained in effect policies of liability insurance
providing coverage for directors and officers of the Company that are at
least substantially comparable in scope and amount to that provided by the
Company's current policies of directors' and officers' liability insurance.
To the extent the Company maintains liability insurance applicable to
directors, officers, employees, agents or fiduciaries, Indemnitee shall be
covered by such policies in such a manner as to provide Indemnitee the same
rights and benefits as are provided to the most favorably insured of the
Company's directors, if Indemnitee is a director; or of the Company's
officers, if Indemnitee is an officer; or of the Company's key employees,
agents or fiduciaries, if Indemnitee is a key employee, agent or fiduciary.


 11. Exceptions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the
Company shall not be obligated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement:


(a) Excluded Action or Omissions. To indemnify Indemnitee for acts,
omissions or transactions if a final decision by a court having
jurisdiction in the matter shall determine that such indemnification is
prohibited by applicable law.


(b) Claims Initiated by Indemnitee. To indemnify Expenses or Other
Liabilities or advance Expenses to Indemnitee with respect to Claims
initiated or brought voluntarily by Indemnitee and not by way of defense,
except (i) with respect to actions or proceedings brought to establish or
enforce a right to indemnification under this Agreement or any other
agreement or insurance policy or under the Company's Certificate of
Incorporation or Bylaws now or hereafter in effect relating to Claims for
Indemnifiable Events, (ii) in specific cases if the Board of Directors has
approved the initiation or bringing of such Claim, or (iii) as otherwise
required under Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law,
regardless of whether Indemnitee ultimately is determined to be entitled to
such indemnification, advance Expense payment or insurance recovery, as the
case may be.


(c) Lack of Good Faith. To indemnify Indemnitee for any Expenses or Other
Liabilities incurred by the Indemnitee with respect to any proceeding
instituted by Indemnitee to enforce or interpret this Agreement, if a court
of competent jurisdiction determines that each of the material assertions
made by the Indemnitee in such proceeding was not made in good faith or was
frivolous.


(d) Claims Under Section 16(b). To indemnify Indemnitee for the payment of
profits arising from the purchase and sale by Indemnitee of securities in
violation of Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or any similar successor statute; provided that the Company shall
advance Expenses in connection with Indemnitee's defense of a claim under
Section 16(b), which advances shall be repaid to the Company if it is
ultimately determined that Indemnitee is not entitled to indemnification of
such Expenses.


12. Period of Limitations. No legal action shall be brought and no cause of
action shall be asserted by or in the right of the Company against
Indemnitee, Indemnitee's estate, spouse, heirs, executors or personal or
legal representatives after two years from the event triggering the cause
of action, and any claim or cause of action of the Company shall be
extinguished unless asserted by the timely filing of a legal action within
such two-year period; provided, however, that if any shorter period of
limitations is otherwise applicable to any such cause of action, such
shorter period shall govern.


13. Binding Effect; Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding
upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto
and their respective successors, assigns, spouses, heirs and personal and
legal representatives. The Company shall require and cause any successor
(whether direct or indirect, and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation
or otherwise) to all, substantially all, or a substantial part, of the
business or assets of the Company, by written agreement in form and
substance satisfactory to Indemnitee, expressly to assume and agree to
perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the
Company would be required to perform if no such succession had taken place.
This Agreement shall continue in effect regardless of whether Indemnitee
continues to serve as a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary of
the Company or of any other enterprise at the Company's request.


14. Attorneys' Fees. In the event that any action is instituted by
Indemnitee under this Agreement or under any liability insurance policies
maintained by the Company, Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all
Expenses incurred by Indemnitee with respect to such action, regardless of
whether Indemnitee is ultimately successful in such action, and shall be
entitled to the advancement of Expenses with respect to such action, unless
as a part of such action a court of competent jurisdiction determines that
each of the material assertions made by Indemnitee as a basis for such
action was not made in good faith or was frivolous. In the event of an
action instituted by or in the name of the Company under this Agreement,
Indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid all Expenses incurred by Indemnitee
in defense of such action (including costs and Expenses incurred with
respect to Indemnitee's counterclaims and cross-claims made in such
action), and shall be entitled to the advancement of Expenses with respect
to such action.


15. Notice. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed satisfactory (i) if
delivered by hand and signed for by the party addressed, on the date of
such delivery, or (ii) if mailed by domestic certified or registered mail
with postage prepaid, on the third business day after the date postmarked.
Addresses for notice to either party are as shown on the signature page of
this Agreement, or as subsequently modified by written notice.


16. Consent to Jurisdiction. The Company and Indemnitee each hereby
irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of
Delaware for all purposes in connection with any action or proceeding which
arises out of or relates to this Agreement and agree that any action
instituted under this Agreement shall be commenced, prosecuted and
continued only in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in and for
New Castle County, which shall be the exclusive and only proper forum for
adjudicating such a claim.


17. Severability. The provisions of this Agreement shall be severable in
the event that any of the provisions hereof (including any provision within
a single section, paragraph or sentence) are held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, and the
remaining provisions shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law. Furthermore, to the fullest extent possible, the
provisions of this Agreement shall be construed so as to give effect to the
intent manifested by the provision held invalid, illegal or unenforceable.


18. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and its provisions
construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware
as applied to contracts between Delaware residents entered into and to be
performed entirely within the State of Delaware.


19. Subrogation. In the event of payment under this Agreement, the Company
shall be subrogated to the extent of such payment to all of the rights of
recovery of Indemnitee, who shall execute all documents required and shall
do all acts that may be necessary to secure such rights and to enable the
Company effectively to bring suit to enforce such rights.


20. Amendment and Termination. Due to the uncertain application of any
statutes of limitations that may govern any Claim, this Agreement shall be
of indefinite duration. No amendment, modification, termination or
cancellation of this Agreement shall be effective unless it is in writing
signed by both the parties hereto. No waiver of any of the provisions of
this Agreement shall be deemed to be or shall constitute a waiver of any
other provisions hereof (whether or not similar), nor shall such waiver
constitute a continuing waiver.


21. Integration and Entire Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding between the parties hereto and supersedes all previous
written and oral negotiations, commitments, understandings and agreements
relating to the subject matter between the parties. If the Company and
Indemnitee have previously entered into an indemnification agreement
providing for indemnification of Indemnitee by the Company, the parties'
entry into this Indemnification Agreement shall be deemed to amend and
restate such Indemnification Agreement to read in its entirety as, and to
be superseded by, this Indemnification Agreement.


22. No Construction as Employment Agreement. Nothing contained in this
Agreement shall be construed as giving Indemnitee any right to be retained
in the employ of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliated
entities.


[Signature Page Next]

