
Independent Contractor Agreement


THIS INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made effective
for all purposes and in all respects as of _________________ by and between
CORRECT CARE, INC. (hereinafter the “Principal”) and
___________________________ (hereinafter the “Independent Contractor”).


WHEREAS, the Principal desires to employ the Independent Contractor, a
professional practitioner in the practice of emergency medicine:


WHEREAS, The Independent Contractor desires to act for the Principal in the
aforesaid capacity; and


WHEREAS, the Principal and the Independent Contractor desire to set forth
in writing the terms and conditions of their agreements and understandings;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, of the mutual promises
herein contained, and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed as
follows:


1. REPRESENTATIONS
Independent Contractor represents that he is a qualified physician duly
licensed to practice medicine in all jurisdictions where he shall be
required to perform his duties pursuant to this Agreement, including, but
not limited to, the state(s) of Louisiana. Independent Contractor also
represents that he is not currently subject to any professional
disciplinary proceeding of any state or federal authorities or to any
disciplinary action of any hospital or other hospital facility in any
jurisdiction.


2. TERM OF AGREEMENT AND TERMINATION
Subject to the provisions of Section 10 and 14, the Principal and all
subsidiaries and affiliates of
the Principal, shall employ the Independent Contractor and the Independent
Contractor agrees to be so
employed commencing on or about the date first written above. The parties
further agree that such
employment shall continue until ether party terminates pursuant to the
terms of Section 10.


3. DUTIES OF INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR
(a) Independent Contractor in accepting such employment by the Principal
shall undertake
and assume the responsibility of performing professional medical services
in emergency medicine, as well
as providing any administrative duties and additional services as specified
in Appendix A, if attached
hereto. Principal shall have the power to determine and control, within
reason and within the confines of
professional ethics, the specific physical location and duties to be
performed by the Independent Contractor
provided; provided, however, that Principal shall not relocate Independent
Contractor to a location at which
Independent Contractor does not currently provide medical services without
the consent of Independent
Contractor. Independent Contractor hereby agrees to act in a competent and
professional manner in
carrying out the duties of his employment and that he shall make all
clinical decisions using his best
medical judgment. Both the Principal and any hospital or other facility at
which the Independent Contractor
is on duty shall have the power to designate patients to be assigned to the
Independent Contractor, and the
Independent Contractor shall perform medical services for said patients. No
person other than the Principal
and said hospital shall have the right to designate by name and
description, the patients for whom
Independent Contractor is to perform services and Independent Contractor
shall not honor any designation
by any other person or organization. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, nothing in the
Agreement shall be construed to restrict the Independent Contractor’s
duties and obligations to his patients,
including, but not limited to, duties in the prescription or administration
of medication and the performance
of medical services with respect to any patient.


(b) During the term of this Agreement, the Independent Contractor shall (i)
have and maintain a valid and unrestricted license to practice medicine in
all jurisdictions in which the Independent Contractor provides services
for, and on behalf of, the Principal pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement and in those states in which the Independent Contractor becomes
licensed to practice medicine during the term of this Agreement, (ii)
comply with, be controlled and governed by and otherwise provide medical
services in accordance with all legal requirements, and the ethics and
standard of care of the medical community where the Independent Contractor
Provides medical services pursuant to this Agreement, and (iii) obtain and
retain full medical staff membership with appropriate clinical privileges
at any hospital or health care facility at which medical services are to be
provided by the Independent Contractor for or on behalf of the Principal.
Procurement of temporary staff privileges pending the completion of the
medical staff approval process shall satisfy the requirements of subpart
(iii) of the preceding sentence, provide that the Independent Contractor
actively pursue full appointment and actually receives full appointment
within a reasonable time.


(c) The Independent Contractor agrees to abide by any rules, regulations
and any other
policies and procedures covering the Independent Contractor established by
the Principal.


(d) The Independent Contractor shall be obligated to obtain required
Continuing Medical
Education (“CME”) in compliance with state license requirements in all
states in which the Independent
Contractor is licensed to practice medicine at the time of this Agreement
or in which the Independent
Contractor becomes licensed to practice during the term of this Agreement.
Upon request by Principal,
Independent Contractor shall provide a copy of the CME certificate to the
Principal or its designee.


(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Independent
Contractor agrees to provide the Principal with all information necessary
to document Independent Contractor’s citizenship and employment status and
to sign all documents reasonably necessary to document the employment
relationship contemplated herein and to properly designate the Principal or
any subsidiaries or affiliates of the Principal as the designee of
Independent Contractor’s reassignment of rights pursuant to Section 7
hereof. The Independent Contractor acknowledges and agrees that
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Principal may withhold
payment to the Independent Contractor until such documents as the Principal
may reasonably request are produced or signed, as applicable.


4. NON-INTERFERENCE AND NON-COMPETITION CLAUSE
For and in consideration of the anticipated benefits to be derived from
this Agreement, the Independent Contractor hereby agrees that during the
term of this Agreement, and for twenty four (24) months after the
termination of the Agreement, regardless of cause, Independent Contractor
shall not directly or indirectly solicit to provide like professional
services, or induce, persuade, or attempt to persuade any Hospital to
terminate or breach contracts with Principal. FURTHER, during the term of
the agreement and for twenty four (24) months after the termination of the
Agreement, regardless of cause, Independent Contractor shall not directly
or indirectly compete with Principal in the area of providing emergency
medical services at any medical facility doing business in any of the
parishes or municipalities set forth on the attached Appendix C.
Independent Contractor and Principal agree that because Principal’s
business shall from time to time expand, in the event that new Hospitals
contract with Principal during the term of this agreement to provide
emergency medical services in parishes or municipalities not previously
listed on Appendix C, Independent Contractor acknowledges that Independent
Contractor shall not compete with Principal in such new parish or
municipality for twenty four (24) months following termination of the
Agreement, regardless of cause, and a new or revised Appendix C may be
added as an addendum to this Agreement reflecting such additional
parishes or municipalities. In order to be effective as to the new parish
or municipality, the revised Appendix C shall identify the additional
parish or municipality added during the term of this agreement and the date
Principal began doing business in this parish or municipality. Principal
shall notify Independent Contractor of the addendum at the notice address.


In the event this Section is determined by any Court to be overly broad
under applicable law, a court of competent jurisdiction may enforce it to
the maximum extent allowed by applicable law, and excise any part that is
determined to be overly broad to allow enforcement, but only to the maximum
extent allowed by law.


Notwithstanding any provision of Section 16 of this Agreement to the
contrary, the Independent Contractor agrees that the damages and remedies
at law for any breach under this Section 4 of this Agreement would be
inadequate and that, in addition, in the event of a breach under this
Section 4 of this Agreement, Principal may apply to a court of competent
jurisdiction and be entitled to an injunction by such court to prevent a
breach or further breach thereof on the part of the Independent contractor,
and shall likewise be entitled to seek in a court of competent
jurisdiction, actual damages, costs and attorney’s fees. Such injunction
shall be in addition to damages or other relief afforded under Section 16
of this Agreement. Further, in addition to any actual damages, Independent
Contractor agrees that in the event of breach of this Section, Principal
shall be entitled to, in addition to and above actual damages, liquidated
damages in the amount of $25,000.00, reasonable attorneys fees, and all
costs, including but not limited to court costs, expert witness fees,
photocopy expense, and any other reasonable, necessary, and customary
expense incurred in enforcing this Section.


5. PATIENT RECORDS AND DISCLOSURE INFORMATION
The Independent Contractor shall prepare and maintain such medical records
incidental to the medical services that he performs hereunder as required
under standard medical practices and as otherwise required by Principal.
All patient records and case histories shall at all times remain the
property of the Hospital or Principal. Included within the foregoing are
all records and information coming into the possession of the Principal and
Independent Contractor which are the property of any hospital and for which
the Principal has assumed temporary or permanent custodial responsibility.
Unless required by legal process, no medical or any other Principal or
hospital records shall be displayed by the Independent Contractor to any
person or entity not authorized by the Principal, except in strict
accordance with medical ethics and such rules relating thereto as are
promulgated by the Principal’s Board of Directors or officer from time to
time. Independent Contractor shall maintain appropriate documentation in
completion of all medical records in compliance with all rules, regulations
and guidelines established by state or federal governmental authorities,
including, but not limited to, HCFA. Principal and Independent Contractor
recognize that during the course of the employment under this Agreement the
Independent Contractor may from time to time as necessity of employment
have access to Principal information and documents which are recognized as
sole, exclusive and confidential property of the Principal. The Independent
Contractor therefore agrees that he will not, during the term of his
employment, divulge or disclose any information relating to the Principal
to any other person or entity whatsoever, for any purpose whatsoever,
including the use of such information by the Independent Contractor himself
for the purposes of employment or the practice of medicine other than for
the Principal pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. It is understood
that the prohibitions set forth in the preceding paragraphs do not apply to
medical reports on patients for the purposes of consultation with reference
to other physicians for the patients’ welfare and care, claims in
connection with accidents or disability made by the patient, or other
legitimate ties in furtherance of the Principal’s business and the welfare
of its patients or its contractual relationship with any hospital.


6. COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
(a) Compensation: In consideration for the services provided to Principal
as contemplated
herein, the Independent Contractor shall receive as compensation the
amount(s) set forth herein on
Appendix B, which may be amended from time to time.


(b) Benefits: Unless prohibited by law, the Principal shall make available
to the Independent Contractor the same benefits that the Principal provides
to other Independent Contractors, which notwithstanding anything to the
contrary provided herein, may be amended by the Principal from time to
time.


7. FEES FOR MEDICAL SERVICES
The Independent Contractor shall have no ownership interest in any amounts
owned or collected for medical services performed by the Independent
Contractor pursuant to this Agreement. The Independent Contractor hereby
unconditionally assigns to the Principal and all subsidiaries and
affiliates of the Principal to whom Independent Contractor is employed
pursuant to Section 2 hereof, all amounts owned or collected for medical
services performed by the Independent Contractor during the terms of this
Agreement, and shall assist the Principal in billing and collecting such
amounts, which shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Principal.
Upon request of Principal, Independent Contractor shall execute and deliver
such additional documents and instruments as may be necessary to evidence
or effect the assignment of fees, including without limitation, any
documents necessary in order to allow Principal to bill and collect all
amounts owed for medical services performed from Medicaid, Medicare, and
any other third-party payors.


8. INSURANCE
The Principal shall procure professional malpractice insurance for
Independent Contractor which will be limited to activities of the
Independent Contractor while performing services pursuant to this
Agreement. Such insurance shall be under a “claims made” policy with
maximum coverage of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) per occurrence and
Three Million Dollars ($3,000,000.00) aggregate per Independent Contractor.
Upon termination of this Agreement, Principal agrees to continue coverage
amounts set forth herein by either, at Principal’s option, continuing the
corporate coverage relationship with the malpractice carrier of the
principal or by purchasing the necessary tail coverage to protect
Independent Contractor for all work performed during the term of this
agreement or any authorized extension thereof.


9. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT AND EMPLOYMENT
The Principal and Independent Contractor hereby agree that during the term
of this Agreement and any extensions hereof, this agreement and the
employment of the Independent Contractor may be terminated and the
Independent Contractor’s compensation shall be measured to the date of such
termination: (i) at will by either party with 90 (ninety) day notice; (ii)
immediately by mutual consent of both parties; or (iii) immediately upon
the Principal providing written notice to the Independent contractor upon
the occurrence of any of the following events:


(1) Suspension, revocation, cancellation or limitation of Independent
Contractor’s right to practice in any jurisdiction whether because of loss
of Independent Contractor’s license or any other reason, including, without
limitation failure to obtain appropriate CME credits.


(2) Revocation, in whole or in part of Independent Contractor’s medical
privileges as extended to him/her by the appropriate authorities of any
hospital at which the Principal conducts its business.


(3) Failure or refusal by the Independent Contractor to perform diligently
his duties under this Agreement or to comply with the rules, regulations or
other policies established by the Principal or the appropriate authorities
of any hospital at which Independent Contractor provides services.


(4) Conviction of the Independent Contractor of any felonious crime in any
federal or state jurisdiction of the United States of America.


(5) Unprofessional, unethical, immoral or fraudulent conduct by the
Independent Contractor or a finding by a professional society of such
conduct.


(6) Proof of Independent Contractor’s dishonesty with respect to his duties
and obligations to the business and affairs of the Principal. If Principal
shall believe Independent Contractor to be guilty of the foregoing and
pending the establishment of proof of the same, the Independent Contractor
may place Independent Contractor on leave of absence with or without pay,
at Principal’s sole discretion until the resolution of such matter.


(7) Termination for whatever reason of Principal’s to provide medical
services at the hospital(s) or a hospital where the Independent Contractor
is working.


(8) In the event, due to circumstances beyond Independent Contractor’s
control, Independent Contractor shall be unable to perform his duties under
this Agreement for any extended period covered by this Agreement.


(9) In the event the appropriate authorities of a hospital at which
Independent Contractor is providing services request that Independent
Contractor no longer provide such services at hospital.


    • A. In addition, this Agreement shall be automatically terminated
      should the Principal be declared by a Court of competent jurisdiction
      to be bankrupt under the Federal Bankruptcy Act or shall be determined
      to be insolvent under the insolvency laws of the state of governance
      of this Agreement.


    • B. The Independent Contractor agrees and understands that medical
      staff membership and privileges at hospitals contracting with
      employer, affiliates of Principal or companies contractually
      affiliated with Principal are predicated and contingent upon such
      hospital’s contractual relationship with such entity. Upon termination
      of this agreement between Principal and Independent Contractor,
      regardless of cause, Independent Contractor relinquishes without
      recourse medical staff membership and privileges at the hospitals with
      which Principal, affiliates of Principal or companies contractually
      affiliated with Principal contract. Further, upon termination, for any
      reason regardless of cause, of any agreement betweenPrincipal,
      affiliates of Principal or companies contractually affiliated with
      Principal and a hospital where the Independent Contractor retains
      medical staff membership and privileges for the purposes of providing
      services under this Agreement, Independent Contractor shall relinquish
      without recourse such medical staff membership and privileges at such
      hospitals.


10. CONFIDENTIALITY
The Independent Contractor will not disclose any Confidential Information
(as defined below) of the Principal without the Principal’s express written
authorization, such Confidential Information will not be used in any way
directly or indirectly detrimental to the Principal, and the Independent
Contractor will keep such Confidential Information confidential. If the
Independent Contractor is requested or required (by oral question,
interrogatories, requests for information or documents, subpoenas, civil
investigative demands, or similar processes) to disclose or produce any
Confidential Information furnished in the course of his employment with the
Principal, the Independent Contractor will (i) provide the Principal with
prompt notice thereof and copies, if possible, and if not, a description,
of the Confidential Information requested or required to be produced so
that the Principal may seek an appropriate protective order or waive
compliance with the provisions of this section and (ii) consult with the
Principal as to the advisability of the Principal taking legally available
action to resist or narrow such request. The Independent Contractor further
agrees that, if in the absence of a protective order or the receipt of a
waiver hereunder the Independent Contractor is nonetheless, in the written
opinion of his legal counsel, compelled to disclose or produce Confidential
Information concerning the Principal to any tribunal or to stand liable for
contempt or suffer other censure or penalty, the Independent Contractor may
disclose or produce such Confidential Information to such tribunal legally
authorized to request and entitled to receive such Confidential Information
without liability hereunder; provided, however, that the Independent
Contractor shall give the Principal written disclosure or production as is
practicable and shall use reasonable efforts to obtain, to the greatest
extent practicable, an order or other reliable assurance that confidential
treatment will be accorded to such Confidential Information so required to
be disclosed or produced. For the purposes of this Section, the term
“Confidential Information” shall mean any information of Principal (whether
written or oral), including all business or management methods, marketing
data, fee schedules, or trade secrets of the Principal whether or not such
Confidential Information is disclosed or otherwise made available to the
Independent Contractor. Confidential Information does not include any
information that the Independent Contractor can establish (i) is or becomes
generally available to and known by the public or medical community (other
than as result of a unpermitted disclosure directly or indirectly by the
Independent Contractor; (ii) is or becomes available to the Independent
Contractor on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the
Principal or its Affiliates, provided that such source is not and was not
bound by a confidentiality agreement with or other obligation of secrecy to
the Principal of which the Independent Contractor has knowledge, or (iii)
has already been or is hereafter independently acquired or developed by the
IndependentContractor without violating any confidentiality agreement with
or other obligation of secrecy to the Principal. The terms and provisions
of this Section shall survive the termination of this Agreement.


11. NOTICES
Any and all notices required or permitted to be given pursuant to this
Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered to the
Independent Contractor or if forwarded by registered or certified mail,
return receipt requested, to his then residence address. In the case of
notice by the Independent Contractor to the Principal, the same manner of
delivery mail shall be sufficient, as shall hand delivery either upon
written receipt of any officer of the Principal (other than the Independent
Contractor) or Principal to the place of business address.


12. ASSIGNABILITY
Neither this agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be
assignable by the Independent Contractor, his beneficiaries, or legal
representatives without the Principal’s prior written consent; provided,
however, that nothing herein shall preclude (i) the Independent Contractor
from designating a beneficiary to receive any benefit payable hereunder
upon his death, (ii) the executors, administrators, or other legal
representative of the Independent Contractor or his estate from assigning
any rights hereunder to the person or persons entitled thereunto, (iii) the
assignment by the Principal of the compensation owed to the Independent
Contractor hereunder to a Garnishee upon the receipt of a Garnishment order
of any local, state, or federal authority received by the Principal, or
(iv) the assignment by the Principal of its rights and obligation under
this Agreement.


13. AMENDMENT
No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless or
until executed in writing by the parties hereto.


14. WAIVER OF BREACH
The wavier by any party hereto of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver or breach of any
other provision or any subsequent breach of any party.


15. ARBITRATION
Subject to Section 4 of this Agreement, the parties hereby agree to submit
all disputes relating to this Agreement to binding arbitration and agree
that such arbitration shall be the sole and exclusive process for
adjudication of disputes relating to the Agreement. The arbitrator shall be
selected and the arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the National
Health Lawyers Association Alternate Dispute Resolution Service Rules of
Procedure for Arbitration and pursuant of the rules and auspices of the
American Arbitration Association; provided, however, that the Nation Health
Lawyers Association Alternate Dispute Resolution Service Rules of Procedure
for Arbitration shall prevail in all conflicts. Notwithstanding, any rules
or provisions to the contrary, the arbitrator shall have full authority to
award any relief in law or equity, which the arbitrator deems appropriate
to remedy any breach of this Agreement; provided, however, that the
arbitrator must award attorney’s fees to the prevailing party with respect
to disputes relating to Section 4 of this Agreement. The arbitrator shall
not have any authority to add or to subtract from the terms of this
Agreement. Rather, the arbitrator’s authority is limited to the strict
interpretation of its terms. It is further agreed that any final award of
the arbitrator can be reviewed by any court of competent jurisdiction under
prevailing standards for reviewing arbitrage awards. All arbitration
proceeding shall be conducted in Covington, Louisiana, unless Principal
agrees, in its sole discretion, to another venue.


16. TERMINATION DUE TO LEGISLATURE OR ADMINISTRATIVE CHANGE
In the event that there are changes in the current federal or state laws or
regulations regarding Medicare / Medicaid, the adoption of new legislation,
or a change in other third party reimbursement systems which materially
affect the reimbursement that the Principal or Independent Contractor may
receive for their respective services, the Principal may immediately
terminate this Agreement by providing appropriate notice under Section 12.


17. GOVERNING LAW
The construction and interpretation of this Agreement shall at all times
and in all respects be governed by the laws of the State of Louisiana.


18. SEVERABILITY
If any provision of the Agreement shall be determined to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in whole or in part, neither the validity of the
remaining part of such provision nor the validity of any other provision of
this Agreement shall in any way be affected thereby.


19. COUNTERPARTS
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which
shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one
and the same instrument.


20. GENDER
Whenever the context of this Agreement requires, the gender of all words
herein shall include the masculine and feminine.


21. TAX WITHHOLDING
The Independent Contractor agrees that the Principal may withhold from any
amount payable by the Principal hereunder such amounts as the Principal
reasonably determines to be necessary for compliance with federal and state
tax withholding requirements in the event such requirements exist, in which
event the Principal shall file such reports and make such payments as may
be required thereunder. However, Independent Contractor is not an employee,
and shall at all times remain responsible for payment of all applicable
taxes and shall remain responsible at all times to pay or properly deposit
such sums with taxing authorities as are necessary and required by or for
any applicable taxing authority, whether state, federal, or local.


22. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
This Agreement and the attachment to this Agreement together constitute the
entire agreement and understanding by and between the Principal and the
Independent Contractor with respect to the employment herein referred to,
and no representations, promises, agreements or understandings, written or
oral, not herein contained shall be of any force and effect. No change or
modification hereof shall be valid or binding unless the same is in writing
and signed by the party intended to be bound.


SIGNATURES


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Principal and the Independent Contractor have duly
executed this Agreement under seal as of the day and year first above
written.


Principal:
Date:___________________ By:_________________________
Name:_______________________
Title:________________________
Independent Contractor:
Date:___________________ By:_________________________
Name:_______________________
Title:________________________


