
To [NAME OF PROSPECTIVE INTERN]


RE: INTERNSHIP WITH Docracy Inc.


Dear [FIRST NAME]:


It gives me great pleasure to offer you a Summer Internship position at
Docracy Inc (the “Company”). In addition to confirming the offer, this
letter will describe the terms and conditions of your employment.


Title: Your title will be Summer Intern and you will report to [NAME OF
DIRECT REPORT] or as otherwise directed by the Company CEO.


Duties: You will assist with making Docracy even more awesome by: expanding
our library of standard agreements, managing and developing our growing
community of users, shaping our brand identity through our blog and social
media, organizing great events, and much more!.


Effective Date: Your employment will begin on [START DATE] and end on[END
DATE].


Compensation/Part Time Employee: Your compensation will be $[SPECIFY
MONTHLY COMPENSATION] per month (less all applicable taxes and
withholdings). You will be paid in accordance with the Company’s prevailing
payroll practices.


Employment Verification: Pursuant to federal law, this offer of employment
is conditioned on your ability to provide satisfactory proof of your
eligibility to work in the United States within three days of your first
day of work.


Confidentiality: During your employment and (if your employment is
discontinued for any reason whatsoever) thereafter, you agree to keep
strictly confidential all trade secrets and information that the Company
holds proprietary or confidential. You also agree that as a condition of
your employment, you will sign, and comply with, a company-standard
Employee Proprietary Information and Inventions and Non-Competition
Agreement, including the related arbitration agreement (the “NDA”-
 branched from this standard: http://www.docracy.com/53/employee-
proprietary-information-and-inventions-agreement). You further agree to
follow the Company’s strict policy that employees must not disclose, either
directly or indirectly, any information, including any of the terms of this
letter, regarding compensation to any person, including other employees of
the Company; provided, however, that you may discuss the terms of this
letter with members of your immediate family and any legal, tax or
accounting specialists who provide you with individual legal, tax or
accounting advice.


You understand and agree that any breach by you of the provisions in this
section could cause the Company to suffer irreparable harm and no adequate
remedy at law would be available in respect thereof. Accordingly, you agree
that upon any such breach, the Company shall be entitled to seek equitable
relief, as well as such further relief as may be granted by a court of
competent jurisdiction.


Employee Representations: You represent that: (1) you are not a party to
any agreement that would prohibit you from entering into employment with
the Company; (2) no trade secret or proprietary information belonging to
your previous employers will be disclosed by you at the Company and that no
such information, whether in the form of documents, memoranda, software,
drawings, etc., will be retained by you or brought with you to the Company;
and (3) you have brought to the Company’s attention and provided it with a
copy of any agreement, order of any court or administrative body or any
other similar item that may impact your future employment at the Company,
including but not limited to any non-disclosure, non-competition, non-
solicitation or invention assignment agreements containing future work
restrictions.


At-Will Employment: Your employment with the Company is “At-Will.” This
means that you have the right to terminate your employment at any time and
for any reason. Likewise, the Company may terminate your employment with or
without cause at any time and for any reason. Accordingly, this letter is
not to be construed or interpreted as containing any guarantee of continued
employment. As such, the recitation of certain time periods in this letter
is solely for the purpose of defining your compensation. It is also not to
be construed or interpreted as containing any guarantee of any particular
level or nature of compensation.


This letter (together with the NDA) reflects the entire agreement regarding
the terms and conditions of your employment. Accordingly, it supersedes and
completely replaces any prior oral or written communication on this
subject. This letter may not be modified or amended except by a written
agreement, signed by the Company and by you. The offer described above is
contingent upon the results of your reference/background check.


We look forward to having you join us and we expect that our relationship
will be mutually rewarding. To confirm your acceptance of this offer,
please return a signed copy of this document.


Please sign and return this letter to the Company by [EXPIRATION
DATE] confirming your acceptance of the position. If this letter is not
received by said date, the offer will be considered retracted.


Sincerely,


Matt Hall 


[DATE]


Chief Executive Officer


Acknowledged and Agreed:


[NAME OF PROSPECTIVE INTERN]


PRE-EMPLOYMENT INQUIRY AUTHORIZATION RELEASE


In connection with my employment, I understand and agree that background
inquires may be requested by you or on your behalf that will seek
information as to my character, work habits, including oral assessments of
my job performance, experiences and abilities, along with reasons for
termination of past employment. Furthermore, I understand and agree that
you may request information from various federal, state, and other
agencies, including public and private sources which maintain records
concerning my past activities relating to my driving record, credit
history, criminal record, civil matters, previous employment, educational
background, and other past experiences.


I acknowledge that a telephonic facsimile or copy of this release shall be
as valid as the original. This release is valid for all federal, state,
county and local agencies and authorities.


The following is my complete and legal name, and all information is true
and correct to the best of my knowledge.


[LEGAL NAME]


[FORMER NAME IF APPLICABLE]


[SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER]


[DATE OF BIRTH]


[CURRENT ADDRESS]


[FORMER ADDRESS]


I authorize the release of the background information detailed above.

