
This agreement is between [CLIENT'S NAME], hereinafter referred to as the
"Client", and It Takes 2 Photo Booths


This Service Contract constitutes the entire Contract between It Takes 2
Photo Booths and client, and supersedes any prior understanding or
representation of any kind preceding the date of this Contract. There are
no other promises, conditions, understandings or other agreements, whether
oral or written, relating to the subject matter of this Contract.


Location: [LOCATION OF EVENT]


Time & Date:[TIME & DATE]


Rental Rate:HoursHour Photo Booth Rental


Upgrades: [SELECTED UPGRADES]


Agreed upon amount:[TOTAL COST]


    • Unlimited Sessions, Four 2×6 photo strips or Two 4×6 postcard size
      prints per session


    • Delivery, Setup, & Breakdown


    • Choice of Enclosed or Open Air Photo Booth


    • Choice of Photo Strips or *4×6 PostCards


    • Props


    • Delivery, Setup, & Breakdown


    • Choice of Enclosed or Open Air Photo Booth


    • Custom Designed Prints (Choose from over 200 different designs)


    • Live Preview


    • Backdrop Color (9 colors available)


    • Private Online Gallery


    • Instant Digital Download (delivered via email)


Payments:


A $299 deposit is due the day of reservation and the remainder is due 2
weeks before the event date. If payment in full (including any add-ons) is
not received based on the payment schedule, a late fee of $10 per day, in
addition to the remaining balance shall be paid to It


Operation:


There is a possibility of booth down time at your event in order to change
necessary operating media (photo paper, toner, etc.) and is expected to
take approximately 5-10 minutes. This time is figured into the total rental
period and will not be credited to client.


Cancellation Policy:


In the case of cancellation per client's written request on or prior to the
final payment due date, client will be refunded any payments made, minus
the non-refundable deposit. If services are cancelled after this date, no
paid amount will be refunded.


Optional Event Add-Ons and Rates:


"Additional Booth Time" requested by client prior to the event in writing
or email or at the event by request of the attendant, will be charged at
the rate of $150 per hour (pro-rated--rounded up to the next half hour).
Additional "Idle Time" will be added at the rate of $25/hour. Any and all
add-ons chosen within this contract or in written or email form by the
client will be added to the final payment and paid to It Takes 2 Photo
Booths in accordance to the contract payment schedule.


Access & Location Requirements:


Booth location must also be in a room with no less than an 8' clearance.
Minimum door width for booth access is 28". Placement of booth can only be
on level, hard and smooth surfaces such as tile, hardwood, concrete,
carpeted room, etc. Grass surface, uneven stone surfaces or bare dirt are
not acceptable and client will be notified of the inadequate environment
and given the opportunity to choose a more acceptable location for the
booth. We require one 110/120-volt grounded power outlet within 15' of
booth location.


Food & Breaks


Each attendant(s) will be provided a full guest meal for events lasting 3
hours or more.


Damages:


Client will be responsible for damages incurred from actions of the client
or their guests while the booth is on-site at the event location. Repair
costs will be collected from client in the event of damage to the booth and
will be notified of any damages within 48 hours of the event.


Forced Idle Time:


If booth cannot be removed from the event at the conclusion of the
contracted time client will be billed at the standard idle time rate of $25
per hour till the booth can be removed without affecting the event in a
negative manner.


Responsibility of Photos:


It Takes 2 Photo Booths reserves the right to use any appropriate photos
taken during the rental for advertising purposes including but not limited
to website exposure, print ads, brochures and advertising media.


Print Design Approval


It Takes 2 Photo Booths will email a proof of your print design before your
event. Please examine your proof carefully. Once you approve the proof for
your event It Takes 2 Photo Booths is not responsible for any errors.


Limit of Liability:


In the unlikely event of a total photographic failure or cancellation of
this contract by either party or in any circumstance, the liability of one
party to the other shall be limited to the total value of the contract.
Neither party shall be liable for indirect or consequential loss.


Force Majeure:


No Party shall be liable in damages or have the right to terminate this
Agreement for any delay or default in performing hereunder if such delay or
default is caused by conditions beyond its control including, but not
limited to, acts of God (such as hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding), fire,
Government restrictions (including the denial or cancellation of any export
or other necessary license), wars, terrorist acts, insurrections and/or any
other cause beyond the reasonable control of the Party whose performance is
affected. Should Clients’ Event be cancelled, postponed or otherwise
adversely impacted as a result of a force majeure event, there shall be no
refunds for payments already received by It Takes 2 Photo Booths, but It
Takes 2 Photo Booths will use all reasonable efforts to work with Clients
to produce the Event at a later date if necessary, subject to It Takes 2
Photo Booths availability.

