
THIS JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as
of this [DATE], by and between [COMPANY] and [PARTNER].


1. GENERAL PROVISIONS


1.01 Business function. The business of the Joint Venture shall be as
follows:


[BUSINESS FUNCTION DESCRIPTION]


1.02 Term of the Agreement. This Joint Venture shall commence on the date
first above written and shall continue in existence until terminated,
liquidated, or dissolved by law or as hereinafter provided.


2. GENERAL DEFINITIONS


The following comprise the general definitions of terms used in this
Agreement:


2.01 Affiliate. An Affiliate of an entity is a person that, directly or
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by
or is under common control of such entity.


2.02 Capital Contribution(s). The capital contribution to the Joint Venture
actually made by the parties, including property, cash and any additional
capital contributions made.


2.03 Profits and Losses. Any income or loss of the Partnership for federal
income tax purposes determined by the Partnership's fiscal year, including,
without limitation, each item of Partnership income, gain, loss or
deduction.


3. OBLIGATIONS OF THE JOINT VENTURES


3.01 Responsibilities of [COMPANY].


[COMPANY'S RESPONSIBILITIES]


3.02 Responsibilities of [PARTNER].


[PARTNER'S RESPONSIBILITIES]


4. ALLOCATIONS


4.01 Profits and Losses. Commencing on the date hereof and ending on the
termination of the business of the Joint Venture, all profits, losses and
other allocations to the Joint Venture shall be allocated as follows at the
conclusion of each fiscal year:


[COMPANY] . . . . . . . . 70%


[PARTNER] . . . . . . . . 30%


4.02 Changes to Allocation.


[DESCRIPTION OF WHEN ALLOCATIONS WOULD CHANGE.]


5. RIGHTS AND DUTIES OF THE JOINT VENTURES


5.01 Business of the Joint Venture. [COMPANY] shall have full, exclusive
and complete authority and discretion in the management and control of the
business of the Joint Venture for the purposes herein stated and shall make
all decisions affecting the business of the Joint Venture. At such, any
action taken shall constitute the act of, and serve to bind, the Joint
Venture. [COMPANY] shall manage and control the affairs of the Joint
Venture to the best of its ability and shall use its best efforts to carry
out the business of the Joint Venture. [PARTNER] shall not participate in
or have any control over the Joint Venture business nor shall it have any
authority or right to act for or bind the Joint Venture.


6. AGREEMENTS WITH THIRD PARTIES AND WITH AFFILIATES OF THE JOINT VENTURES


6.01 Validity of Transactions. Affiliates of the parties to this Agreement
may be engaged to perform services for the Joint Venture. The validity of
any transaction, agreement or payment involving the Joint Venture and any
Affiliates of the parties to this Agreement otherwise permitted by the
terms of this Agreement shall not be affected by reason of the relationship
between them and such Affiliates or the approval of said transactions,
agreement or payment.


6.02 Other Business of the Parties to this Agreement. The parties to this
Agreement and their respective Affiliates may have interests in businesses
other than the Joint Venture business. The Joint Venture shall not have the
right to the income or proceeds derived from such other business interests
and, even if they are competitive with the Partnership business, such
business interests shall not be deemed wrongful or improper.


7. PAYMENT OF EXPENSES


All expenses of the Joint Venture shall be paid by [COMPANY] and shall [BE
/ NOT BE] reimbursed by the Joint Venture.


8. INDEMNIFICATION OF THE JOINT VENTURES


The parties to this Agreement shall have no liability to the other for any
loss suffered which arises out of any action or inaction if, in good faith,
it is determined that such course of conduct was in the best interests of
the Joint Venture and such course of conduct did not constitute negligence
or misconduct. The parties to this Agreement shall each be indemnified by
the other against losses, judgments, liabilities, expenses and amounts paid
in settlement of any claims sustained by it in connection with the Joint
Venture.


9. DISSOLUTION


9.01 Events of the Joint Ventures. The Joint Venture shall be dissolved
upon the happening of any of the following events:


(a) The adjudication of bankruptcy, filing of a petition pursuant to a
Chapter of the Federal Bankruptcy Act, withdrawal, removal or insolvency of
either of the parties.


(b) The sale or other disposition, not including an exchange of all, or
substantially all, of the Joint Venture assets.


(c) Mutual agreement of the parties.


10. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS


10.01 Books and Records. The Joint Venture shall keep adequate books and
records at its place of business, setting forth a true and accurate account
of all business transactions arising out of and in connection with the
conduct of the Joint Venture.


10.02 Validity. In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be
held to be invalid, the same shall not affect in any respect whatsoever the
validity of the remainder of this Agreement.


10.03 Integrated Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire
understanding and agreement among the parties hereto with respect to the
subject matter hereof, and there are no agreements, understandings,
restrictions or warranties among the parties other than those set forth
herein provided for.


10.04 Headings. The headings, titles and subtitles used in this Agreement
are for ease of reference only and shall not control or affect the meaning
or construction of any provision hereof.


10.05 Notices. Except as may be otherwise specifically provided in this
Agreement, all notices required or permitted here under shall be in writing
and shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, certified or registered mail, return receipt
requested, addressed to the parties at their respective addresses set forth
in this Agreement or at such other addresses as may be subsequently
specified by written notice.


10.06 Applicable Law and Venue. This Agreement shall be construed and
enforced under the laws of [RELEVANT STATE OR COUNTRY].


10.07 Other Instruments. The parties hereto covenant and agree that they
will execute each such other and further instruments and documents as are
or may become reasonably necessary or convenient to effectuate and carry
out the purposes of this Agreement.


The parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the day and year
first above written.

