
One of the biggest problems with the US patent system is the existence of
patent trolls. Patent trolls, also referred to as non-practicing entities
(NPE), are shell companies which exist for no other reason than to amass
patent portfolios which they use to bring often dubious patent infringement
lawsuits. This type of activity results in billions of dollars in economic
loss due to unnecessary litigation [find citation].


The constitutional foundation for patent law is to "promote the Progress of
Science and the Useful Arts." Objectively speaking, patent trolls do
nothing to this end. While they claim to increase the incentive for
innovators by enabling a fluid patent exchange marketplace, patent trolls
essentially only increase the value of bad patents which are too vague or
unworthy of commercialization. This brings us to the key sticking point in
current patent assignment law - should a patent whose value lies only in
its ability to bring an infringement lawsuit be assignable? Does such an
assignment undermine the constitutional promise to promote science and the
useful arts? I propose the answers to these questions are no and yes
respectively.


Trolls are made possible by 35 U.S.C. 261 of the patent law which provides
"... patents shall have the attributes of personal property. Applications
for patent, patents, or any interest therein, shall be assignable in law by
an instrument in writing." This unlimited ability to assign patents allows
them to be used for purposes other than public benefit or
commercialization. Following are a set of proposals for amending 35 U.S.C.
261 to ensure that patent assignment rights conform to the public interest
foundation for patent law enshrined in the U.S. Constitution.


Existing 35 U.S.C. 261


Subject to the provisions of this title, patents shall have the attributes
of personal property.


Applications for patent, patents, or any interest therein, shall be
assignable in law by an instrument in writing. The applicant, patentee, or
his assigns or legal representatives may in like manner grant and convey
anexclusive right under his application for patent, or patents, to the
whole or any specified part of the UnitedStates.


A certificate of acknowledgment under the hand and official seal of a
person authorized to administer oaths within the United States, or, in a
foreign country, of a diplomatic or consular officer of the United States
or an officer authorized to administer oaths whose authority is proved by a
certificate of a diplomatic or consular officer of the United States, or a
postille of an official designated by a foreign country which, by treaty or
convention, accords like effect to apostilles of designated officials in
the United States, shall be prima facieevidence of the execution of an
assignment, grant, or conveyance of a patent or application for patent.


An assignment, grant, or conveyance shall be void as against any subsequent
purchaser or mortgagee for avaluable consideration, without notice, unless
it is recorded in the Patent and Trademark Office within threemonths from
its date or prior to the date of such subsequent purchase or mortgage.


Proposal 1: Patent Assignment Dissolves If Assignee Does Not Practice
Patent Within 18 Months


Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States
Constitution, and subject to the limiting provisions of this title, patents
shall have the attributes of personal property.


Applications for patent, patents, or any interest therein, shall be
assignable in law, by an instrument in writing,only under circumstances
which clearly indicate that assignee has concrete plans to practice the
patent, orlicense the patent to a third-party which plans to practice the
patent, within eighteen months. This time periodcan be extended if
sufficient evidence is presented that practice of the patent is imminent.


...


Proposal 2: Patent Monopoly Tax for Non-Practicing Entities


Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States
Constitution, and subject to the limiting provisions of this title, patents
shall have the attributes of personal property.


For each year that a patentee cannot demonstrate progressive practice of
the patent with concrete commercial, public benefit or research goals,
patentee must pay a patent monopoly tax. This tax is $5,000 for the first
year, $10,000 for the second year, and $20,000 for each year thereafter.
These tax proceeds will be collected by the USPTO and will be used to
promote federal small business and entrepreneurship initiatives.


...


Proposal 3: Combination of Proposals 1 & 2 - Patent Monopoly Tax +
Assignment Dissolution





Proposal 4: Patents Are Private-Public Contracts, Not Poperty


Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States
Constitution, and subject to the provisions of this title, patents shall be
contracts between inventors and the citizens of the United States.


Patentees promise to use the exclusive monopoly rights detailed in this
title to create goods and/or services for public consumption; or to conduct
scientific research. In return, the citizens of the United States grant
patentee the exclusive monopoly rights detailed in this title for a term of
ten years.


Patentees may assign their rights, by an instrument in writing, only under
circumstances which clearly indicate that the assignee has concrete plans
to practice the patent in adherence to the original promise to create goods
and/or services for public consumption; or to conduct scientific research.


...

