
Welcome to THE TANK, a home for emerging artists. Please take a few minutes
to read through this entire agreement. It’s not just a contract—it’s also
your best and only guide to performing at The Tank, what you can expect
from us, and what we need from you to make sure your show goes on as
smoothly as possible. If you have any questions, please feel free to get in
touch.


This document shall serve as a Letter of Agreement between us, The Tank, a
performing arts venue located at 151 W. 46th St., New York, NY 10036,
(“Us”) and [ARTIST OR COMPANY] (“Company" or the “Artist”), regarding The
Tank’s presentation of [SHOW OR PRODUCTION] (the “Show” or the
“Production”).


A representative from your Company will be designated the “Primary Contact”
(“You”). The Primary Contact is empowered to enter into agreements with The
Tank on behalf of the Company, including this contract. You will be the
person that we contact during your time in our space. This agreement also
contains the details of performance dates and times agreed to.


1. Prior to Confirming Your Show at The Tank: The Tank requires that you
submit the following three pieces of documentation in order to secure your
time in the space:


a. E-copy: This Letter of Agreement, signed and dated including Primary
Contact Information.


b. Online: Submit Relevant Press Materials Please email an 800x550px
graphic for your show, and a blurb including any artist/company bios you
would like online to rosalind@thetanknyc.org and rania@thetanknyc.org .
Have a look at our website for examples.


2. Sharing the Space: Any given week, The Tank hosts 50+ artists and up to
9 unique productions. Access to the space for rehearsal and tech must be
scheduled with Rosalind at rosalind@thetanknyc.org.


If a Tank staff member is not present upon your groups arrival, a spare key
to the theater can be found in the firebox to the left of the theater door.
The lights are directly to the right of the theater door once you step
inside. Please remember to lock the door and leave the key in the firebox
when you leave.


A $25 replacement fee will be charged to those groups who neglect to do so.
The Tank is not responsible for damaged, lost or stolen items. Any props,
costumes or set pieces left at The Tank are done so at the Artists'
discretion.


3. Box Office Arrangement: As part of our mission to support artists, The
Tank provides space to perform without asking for a deposit or even an
audience guarantee. Instead, we operate using a box-office split. Here’s
how it works:


For each performance, The Tank takes the equivalent of ten fully-priced*
tickets (or $100, whichever is more). The rest of the box office revenue is
split evenly between The Tank and the Artist. You set your own ticket
prices (unless you are part of a series with a set ticket price across the
board), but they must be at minimum $8 and at most $18.


*Fully-priced tickets are the highest priced tickets, regardless of whether
they're sold on line or at the door.


For example:


You set ticket prices for your show at $12 per ticket. You sell 45 tickets
to your first show, with 20 audience members using a discount code that
drops the price to $9. Everyone else pays full price. Here’s how the box
office would break down for that performance:


Total Box Office Revenue: $480


The Tank would take $120 off the top (10 fully-priced tickets), plus $180
(50% of the rest), for a total of $300.


You would take $180 (50% of the rest).


At the end of the night, you’ll be shown a box office report that shows the
total box office revenue for the night, which will include the amount The
Tank takes prior to the box office split.


4. Tickets: Both in-person and online sales are set up and handled by The
Tank. We use a third-party seller, brownpapertickets.com (BPT), for all
online and phone presales. All ticket sales made through BPT are subject to
the BPT Terms & Conditions, which can be found on their website. The Tank
will have sales up within 5 days of receiving your materials (see above).
You should receive a link to this shortly after sales go live. Additional
online ticket discounts and promotions can be arranged on a case-by-case
basis and should be discussed with your curator.


5. Insurance: The Tank provides both general liability insurance and
volunteer accident liability insurance for all artists while they are in
the space. If you require proof of insurance for university productions or
for an Actors Equity Showcase Code, please contact Tank Artistic Director
Rosalind Grush, rosalind@thetanknyc.org.


6. PR: The Tank offers limited PR support for all shows in the way of press
releases and show listings (when supporting staff is available), and our bi-
weekly newsletter, as well as through The Tank's online social media
presence. You are highly encouraged to do your own promotional work in
addition to what The Tank can offer. We have consistently found that
individual shows and companies are more effective in bringing audiences for
their own productions than a venue that presents several hundred shows a
year.


The Tank reserves editorial control over how shows are publicized and
promoted through The Tank’s print and online media. For any
website/ticketing questions and all additional promotional/social media
inquiries, contact rosalind@thetanknyc.org.


Currently, The Tank does not provide any printed material for your show
(such as programs). If you decide to create printed materials for your
show, designs must be submitted for approval by Tank staff
(rosalind@thetanknyc.org) so we can ensure they include the following
information:


All printed postcards and posters to be distributed must include:


• Credit line: [Show title] is presented by The Tank, a home for emerging
artists.


• Full Tank logo, available HERE for online use


• Tank website thetanknyc.org


All printed programs to be distributed and online promotion must include:


• Credit line: [Show title] is presented by The Tank.


• Full Tank logo, available here for print use:
http://thetanknyc.org/tankid.html


• Tank website: thetanknyc.org


• The following text:

For programs:
The Tank is a non-profit arts presenter serving emerging artists engaged in
the pursuit of new ideas and forms of expression. We serve over 1,000
artists every year in over 350 performances, and work across all
disciplines, including theater, comedy dance, film music, public affairs,
and storytelling. Our goal is to foster an environment of inclusiveness and
remove the burden of cost from the creation of new work for artists
launching their careers and experimenting within their art form. The heart
of our services is providing free performance space in the 62-seat blackbox
that we operate in Manhattan, and we also offer a suite of other services
such as free rehearsal space, promotional support, and a cut of the box
office. We keep ticket prices affordable and view our work as democratic,
opening up both the creation and attendance of the arts to all.


*Approval will be granted within 24 hours.


7. Crediting: We don't ask for much, y'all! But if you could just tell
people about us, that'd be really helpful for us. Company or Artist agrees,
in good faith, to use its best efforts to attempt to cause The Tank to
receive billing credit during the period from the opening of the Show or
Production for ten (10) years thereafter in all productions and
presentations of Show or Production including television, motion picture,
and new media, and in all programs and publications of Show or Production
in book or magazine form, substantially as follows:


The production was originally presented by The Tank, a New York City home
for emerging artists.


OR


The production was originally developed at The Tank, a New York City home
for emerging artists.


8. Rehearsal: All productions receive a total of four hours of free
rehearsal time in the space, subject to availability. Additional time in
the space may be purchased at the subsidized rate of $20/hr. To ensure that
you get a rehearsal time, please email rosalind@thetanknyc.org as soon as
possible after signing this agreement.


Cancellation: Your group will be subject to a $20/hour Cancellation Fee for
any cancellations made less than 48 hours of your scheduled time,
regardless of whether those hours were free or paid for. We have lots of
people who want space and it hurts our other artists when scheduled hours
go unused.


NOTE: This time is your only chance to rehearse the technical elements of
the show in our space, and we encourage you to have your technicians with
you so you can take full advantage of the time. If you’d like to hire one
of our technicians, you can do that too. See below:


9. Tech: You are encouraged to bring in your own technicians to run your
show. The Tank can also provide tech assistance. The Tank's resident techs
charge $10/hr for rehearsals and $30 per performance for each technician
you hire through us (performance fee includes load-in, set up, the
performance and tear down). If your tech needs don't require a board
operator (in other words, if we’re just turning our rep light plot on and
off at the beginning and end of your show), or if you plan to supply your
own tech, there is of course no cost for that. Tech fees must be paid in
full directly to the technicians at the beginning of the
rehearsal/performance shift they are working. You must submit all tech
needs to rosalind@thetanknyc.org when your show is confirmed to ensure that
they are met to the best of The Tank's capability. Failure to do so will
lead to undo stress and increase the risk of potty language on opening
night.


No changes are permitted to the physical space. You cannot replug or rehang
any lights under any circumstances. You are allowed to re-gel or refocus
the three specials located over the house, but this must be taken into
account in your load-in/load-out time (per clause 19. Restoring the Space
below), and we strongly recommend working with what we have if you can.


The Day of your Show:


10. Load-in/out Times and Policies: Because The Tank is nestled in an
office building with high traffic, all deliveries (set pieces, large
costume/props) must come up to the 8th floor via the freight elevator (the
furthest elevator from the building entrance). All deliveries must arrive
Monday – Friday between the hours 8a and noon, or 1p and 5p. If your
props/set/costumes can be carried easily by one person, you may bring them
in at any time. However, all other large deliveries must be brought up
during specified hours with the approval of our doorman. To arrange any
Load-in/Load-out outside these hours, arrange a time with
rosalind@thetanknyc.org.


On the day of your show you will have access to space 1 hour before show
time. If you need more time in the space to place sets, run sound check,
warm up, etc., make the appropriate arrangements with Rosalind beforehand.
The Tank books two 60-90 min. shows Thurs-Sat. evenings, with a matinee and
evening show on Sundays, so turn around time is tight.


11. Storage: Our backstage space is extremely limited. We do have some
ability to store props and set pieces between shows, but it is subject to
availability and architecture. When you do your initial walk-through of the
space, please make sure to note our storage capacity, and communicate your
storage needs to rosalind@thetanknyc.org. And keep in mind that you've got
an hour for load-in and sometimes even less for load-out depending on what
show is after you, so please be clear about what your needs will be ASAP so
we can plan for you. If you don’t make these arrangements ahead of time,
we’ll do our best to accommodate you, but space cannot be guaranteed. Any
props, costumes or set pieces stored in our space must be removed within
two weeks of the close of your show to make room for incoming artists.
Failure to do so will result in loss of property.


12. Staff: All evening/front of house staff (excluding tech) is provided by
The Tank, including: box office/bar staff, ticket takers, etc. All of our
evening staff are volunteers and are responsible for keeping the evening
running smoothly. You must check in with them when you arrive for every
performance and understand that you cannot get into the space, dressing
rooms, lobby, etc until directed by evening staff. NOTE: All Evening Staff
are responsible for ensuring the order of the evening. Failure to obey
evening staff can result in fees deducted from your box office split.


13. Box Office: Online sales end two hours prior to the scheduled start to
each performance. Any remaining tickets will be sold at the door. All in-
person ticket sales will begin no earlier than 30 min. prior to show time.
In the event of sold-out shows, tickets will be released to a waiting list
5 minutes prior to the start of the show. For all Tank events, house must
open 15 min before performance start time. The holding of opening house, or
delaying performance start time is at the discretion of evening staff.


14. Empty House Policy: If the size of the cast/number of performers on
stage outnumber the audience (excluding company members), The Tank
withholds the right to cancel that evening's show. (Exceptions: Open Mics,
Workshops, Company Readings.)


15. Comp Tickets: Every show receives four comps per performance. All comp
requests must be submitted 48 hours prior to each performance via email
from your Primary Contact to rosalind@thetanknyc.org. If you’d like to
issue additional comps, you must purchase the tickets from The Tank
(remember, after your ten initial tickets, you receive half of the box
office, so purchasing additional comps typically means, purchasing a half-
priced ticket). This includes any comp tickets given away as part of online
fundraising such as Kickstarter or Indiegogo. The Tank reserves the right
to issue/refuse comps for any show, and to request a business card or other
proof of industry status for any audience member comped.


16. Concessions: One of the ways The Tank covers the cost of offering free
space to artists is by selling of concessions. Concessions (including food,
water, sodas and alcoholic beverages) will be sold prior to all Tank shows.
Any adjustment to this policy (waiving of concession sales, free
concessions with ticket purchase, allowing artists to sell their own
concessions, etc.) is forbidden unless prior written/email permission is
obtained from the office. All altered concession arrangements should be
discussed with your curator.


17. Preshow: The Tank will give a short preshow speech before every
performance. This speech must be factored into the overall run of the show
and will be made from the stage before the show begins. It will not exceed
3 minutes. The Tank will also be distributing information about The Tank to
every audience member, either separate or as a program insert.


After Your Show:


18. Evening Paperwork: Immediately following all performances, the Primary
Contact is responsible for reviewing and signing a copy of our evening
paperwork. This ensures that all parties agree to all financial or
attendance information on it. If you disagree with any information on the
evening paperwork, it is important that you still sign it and note what
item(s) you disagree with.


19. Restoring the Space: Per the Tech clause above, artists are allowed to
re-gel lights (using a separate set of gel frames) and to refocus the three
specials located over the house. All Lights/Booth/Sound must be restored to
the condition they were found at the end of each performance. Change-over
between shows is often limited to 15 minutes, so it is important that your
show can be completely loaded-out and the space restored in that
time.Failure to restore the space or to strike all set pieces within that
time will result in a restoring fee of $50. It is your responsibility to
make sure you have enough hands for the job. You and your company are
responsible for repairing any damages incurred by the space during your
performance/rehearsal. This includes all materials and time needed to
restore the space to its former state. You may repair the space yourself
with the approval of a staff member, or have the cost of the repair
deducted from your cut of the box-office. The Tank reserves all rights to
withhold box-office income to cover the cost of these repairs.


20. Payout Policy: The Tank pays out artists only after all performances
have ended and after all online sales have been received by
BrownPaperTickets.com. Payments will be issued no later than 30 days from
the last of your performances. To ensure prompt payment, make sure to
include mailing address on evening paperwork and Primary Contact form.


21. Cancellation Policy: Although unfortunate and problematic, The Tank
understands that sometimes people are confronted with insurmountable
challenges and need to cancel a show. There are two things about this: we
have a lot of artists all vying for the scarce resources that we have to
provide; and if you cancel too close to your performance dates, it can be
VERY difficult for us to fill those slots quickly, since many of the
artists who could have used the space will have made other arrangements.
After you sign this contract, if you need to cancel your show more than six
weeks out from the assigned dates below, The Tank will charge a $25 fee per
performance slot. If it is less than six weeks out from the assigned dates
below, The Tank will charge a $150 fee per performance slot. We take last-
minute cancellations (aka less than six weeks from the assigned dates
below) very seriously and it will very likely affect your ability to be
programmed here in the future.


22. The Fine Print: The venue is made available to you as is, and The Tank
is not liable to you or any third party for damages, including lost
profits, lost savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages
arising out of your use of our space and this agreement, even if you have
advised The Tank of the possibilities of such damages.


The Tank does not allow: open flames, the use of live weapons, the use of
power tools, any gas which may be explosive or in any other way harmful to
artists and audiences, large quantities of water or liquid (exceeding 2
gallons), the expulsion of bodily fluids, smoking of cigarettes (including
herbal), GLITTER, or any permanent physical alterations to or in the space.

Tank House Rules:
-Be Nice, it's a free performance space
-No Fighting, it's a free space
-Respect The Tank, it's free
-Respect the Staff, most of them work for free, and the ones getting paid
aren't getting much, y'all!
-Have fun and remember, the best things in life are free!


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions. In any case, the Tank withholds the right to sever
this agreement with reasonable cause, including (but not limited to):
conflict of interest, undue stress or harm to Tank staff, unwillingness to
cooperate within shared space, damage or misuse of Tank property.


You represent that you have the power and ability to enter into this
contract on behalf of your company or organization. You cannot transfer
this contract to anyone else without permission from The Tank. This
contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If for some reason one
part of this contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining parts
of it remain in place. This contract contains our entire agreement, and any
changes or additions must be made in writing and signed by both of us.


This is a legal document made in, and governed by, the laws of the State of
New York. It is valid both in the signed original and by facsimile, in PDF
or with an electronic signature.


PRIMARY CONTACT INFORMATION SHEET


[NAME OF SHOW]


[DATES AND TIMES]


[TICKET PRICE]


[LENGTH OF SHOW]


[PRIMARY CONTACT]


[PRIMARY CONTACT EMAIL ADDRESS]


[PRIMARY CONTACT ADDRESS 1]


[PRIMARY CONTACT ADDRESS 2]


As the Primary Contact:


• You are responsible for filing all PR/Development Information prior to
event confirmation.


• You are responsible for supplying evening management with a comp list
prior to every performance.


• You are responsible for reviewing and signing the evening paperwork after
each performance.


• You are responsible for filling out a W-9 tax form to receive payout (if
applicable).


• Artist Payout will be made out to you, unless otherwise specified below.


• You agree that the address supplied above is where artist payout should
be mailed (if not picked up in person).


If you’d like the Artist Payout to be made to someone other than the
Primary Contact, please fill out the following:


[ALTERNATE NAME OR COMPANY]

