
This Agreement is entered into on [DATE], between [GRANTEE NAME],
hereinafter referred to as the "Grantee", located at [GRANTEE ADDRESS], and
[ARTIST NAME], hereinafter referred to as the "Artist", located at [ARTIST
ADDRESS].


Whereas, the Artist hereby represents that he/she will create images or
object throughout the course of his/her internship at Montreal Nightlife
Media that is his/her own original work of art or craft and it is not made
from copyrighted material or patterns during the entire term of his/her
internship:
Date Of Internship: [DATES]
Description: [IMAGE DESCRIPTION]


Whereas, the Grantee wishes to use the above described work in the creation
of art posters and/or art show invitations and/or notecards, any of which
may be offered for sale by the Grantee;
Whereas, the Grantee and the Artist want to achieve the best possible
quality reproduction(s) of the image to create future sales of said image;
Now therefore, in consideration of the mutual promises set forth below, as
well as other valuable consideration, the parties agree as follows:


1) The Artist grants to the Grantee the exclusive right to use or reproduce
the image for the following types of Promotions:


      [TYPES OF PROMOTIONS]


2) This grant permits the Grantee the exclusive right to manufacture,
distribute, and sell the merchandise. Further, the artist grants to the
Grantee the right to reproduce the image on the Grantee's website and all
other Grantee promotional materials.


3) The term of this contract is for ten calendar year, commencing upon both
parties signing this contract.


4) During the term of the contract, the Artist agrees that he/she will not
make or sell or distribute forms of the image that is the subject of this
contract.


5) The Artist shall retain all copyrights in and to the image. The Grantee
shall identify the Artist as the creator of the image on the licensed
products and shall reproduce thereon, a copyright notice for the Artist
which shall include the word "Copyright" or the symbol for copyright "Â©",
the Artist's name.


6) The artist understands that all profits from the sale of the Artist's
merchandise will benefit the Grantee.


7) The Grantee shall give to the Artist, at no cost to the Artist, 3 art
posters and 24 notecardsof the licensed products, for the Artist's personal
use.


8) The Artist shall have the right to approve of the quality of the
reproduction of the image on the licensed products and the Artist agrees
not to withhold approval unreasonably.


9) The Grantee will sell the licensed products in [LOCATION OF SALE OF
LICENSED PRODUCTS]; however, the Grantee will not be the Artist's agent or
promoter.


10) The Artist shall indemnify and hold the Grantee harmless from and
against any loss, expense or damage occasioned by any claim, demand, suit
or recovery against the Grantee, arising out of any alleged use of the
image which violates or breaches a third party's property rights.


11) Neither party shall assign rights or obligations under this agreement.


12) Nothing herein shall be construed to create a joint venture between the
parties, nor shall any similar relationship be deemed to exist between
them.


13) This agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the
Province of [STATE OF GOVERNING LAW], except for copyright law, which shall
be interpreted in accordance with national and international copyright law.


14) This agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
hereto and shall not be modified, amended or changed in any way except upon
a written agreement signed by both parties.

