
Agreement, entered into as of [AGREEMENT DATE], between [CLIENT NAME],
located at [CLIENT ADDRESS] (hereinafter referred to as the "Client") and
[PHOTOGRAPHER NAME], located at [PHOTOGRAPHER ADDRESS] (hereinafter
referred to as the "Photographer") with respect to the licensing of certain
nonelectronic rights in the Photographer's photograph(s) (hereinafter
referred to as the "Work").


1. Description of Work. The Client wishes to license certain nonelectronic
rights in the Work which the Photographer has created and which is
described as follows:


Title: [TITLE OF WORK]
Number of images: [NUMBER OF IMAGES]
Subject matter: [DESCRIPTION OF SUBJECT MATTER OF WORK]


Form in which work shall be delivered: [DESCRIPTION OF FORM IN WHICH WORK
SHALL BE DELIVERED]


2. Delivery Date. The Photographer agrees to deliver the Work within
[DELIVERY TERM] days after the signing of this Agreement.


3. Grant of Rights. Upon receipt of full payment, Photographer grants to
the Client the following nonelectronic rights in the Work:


For use as[USE DESCRIPTION]in the[USE LANGUAGE]language


For the product or publication named [PRODUCTION/PUBLICATION NAME]


In the following territory: [TERRITORY NAME]


For the following time period: [USE TIME PERIOD]


With respect to the usage shown above, the Client shall have nonexclusive
rights unless specified to the contrary here.


If the Work is for use as a contribution to a magazine, the grant of rights
shall be for one time North American serial rights only unless specified to
the contrary above.


If the Client does not complete its usage under this Paragraph 3 by the
following date [USAGE COMPLETION DEADLINE DATE], all rights granted but not
exercised shall without further notice revert to the Photographer without
prejudice to the Photographer's right to retain sums previously paid and
collect additional sums due.


4. Reservation of Rights. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are
reserved to the Photographer, including but not limited to all rights in
preliminary materials and all electronic rights. For purposes of this
agreement, electronic rights are defined as rights in the digitized form of
works that can be encoded, stored, and retrieved from such media as
computer disks, CD-ROM, computer databases, and network servers.


5. Fee. Client agrees to pay the following: $[USAGE PRICE] for the usage
rights granted, or an advance of $[ADVANCE AMOUNT] to be recouped against
royalties computed as follows: [RECOUPMENT SPECIFICATION]


6. Additional Usage. If Client wishes to make any additional uses of the
Work, Client agrees to seek permission from the Photographer and make such
payments as are agreed to between the parties at that time.


7. Alteration. Client shall not make or permit any alterations, whether by
adding or removing material from the Work, without the permission of the
Photographer. Alterations shall be deemed to include the addition of any
illustrations, photographs, sound, text, or computerized effects, unless
specified to the contrary here: [ALTERATION EXCEPTIONS]


8. Payment. Client agrees to pay the Photographer within thirty days of the
date of Photographer's billing, which shall be dated as of the date of
delivery of the Work. Overdue payments shall be subject to interest charges
of [OVERDUE PAYMENT INTEREST AMOUNT] percent monthly.


9. Loss, Theft, or Damage. The ownership of the Work shall remain with the
Photographer. Client agrees to assume full responsibility and be strictly
liable as an insurer for loss, theft, or damage to the Work and to insure
the Work fully from the time of shipment from the Photographer to the
Client until the time of return receipt by the Photographer. Client further
agrees to return all of the Work at its own expense by registered mail or
bonded courier which provides proof of receipt. Reimbursement for loss,
theft, or damage to any Work shall be in the following amount:
[REIMBURSEMENT AMOUNT]. Both Client and Photographer agree that these
specified value(s) represent the fair and reasonable value of the Work.
Unless the value for an original transparency is specified otherwise in
this paragraph, both parties agree that each original transparency has a
fair and reasonable value of $[TRANSPARENCY FAIR VALUE AMOUNT]
([TRANSPARENCY FAIR VALUE AMOUNT IN WORDS] dollars). Client agrees to
reimburse Photographer for these fair and reasonable values in the event of
loss, theft, or damage.


10. Samples. Client shall provide Photographer with [NUMBER OF SAMPLES]
samples of the final use of the Work.


11. Copyright Notice. Copyright notice in the name of the Photographer
shall or shall not accompany the Work when it is reproduced.


12. Credit. Credit in the name of the Photographer shall or shall not
accompany the Work when it is reproduced. If the Work is used as a
contribution to a magazine or for a book, credit shall be given unless
specified to the contrary in the preceding sentence.


13. Releases. The Client agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the
Photographer against any and all claims, costs, and expenses, including
attorney's fees, due to uses for which no release was requested, uses which
exceed the uses allowed pursuant to a release, or uses based on alterations
not allowed pursuant to Paragraph 7.


14. Arbitration. All disputes arising under this Agreement shall be
submitted to binding arbitration before [ARBITRATOR NAME] in the following
location [ARBITRATION LOCATION] and settled in accordance with the rules of
the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the arbitration award
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Disputes in which
the amount at issue is less than $[ARBITRATION AMOUNT MINIMUM] shall not be
subject to this arbitration provision.


15. Miscellany. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto,
their heirs, successors, assigns, and personal representatives. This
Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties. Its
terms can be modified only by an instrument in writing signed by both
parties, except that the Client may authorize expenses or revisions orally.
A waiver of a breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not
be construed as a continuing waiver of other breaches of the same or other
provisions hereof. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of [STATE OF GOVERNING LAW].


In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have signed this Agreement as of the
date first set forth above.

