
                              Coaching Contract


Client Name: ___________________________________________________


This agreement, between coach _______________________ and the above-


named client will begin on _________________ and will continue for a period


of ___________ months ending on _____________________.


Investment


      There is no fee for the initial meeting and the investment for the
ensuing meetings is $________________. These fees will be paid in advance
of the sessions, or on a monthly basis at the discretion of the coach.


      Alternatively, this is a ____________ session package for a period of
_______ weeks for __________ minutes per session.


      Additional appointments can be scheduled as needed.


      If you need to cancel an appointment, please provide at least 24
hour's notice or you will be charged for the appointment.


Services


The services to be provided by the coach to the client are face-to-face or
telephone coaching, as agreed jointly with the client. Coaching may address
specific personal struggles, business issues, or general conditions in the
client's life or profession. Other coaching services include value
clarification, brainstorming, identifying plans of action, examining modes
of operation in life, asking clarifying questions, and making empowering
requests or suggestions for action. Additionally, the client may be asked
to reflect on difficult topics or situations which may result in an
expression of emotions.


Throughout the working relationship, the coach will engage in direct and
personal conversations. The client understands that successful coaching
requires a co-active collaborative approach between client and coach. In
the coaching relationship, the coach plays the role of a facilitator of
change, but it is the client's responsibility to enact or bring about the
change.


      If the client believes the coaching is not working as desired, the
client will communicate this with the coach as soon as possible and the
coaching strategy will be restructured to address the clientâ€™s desired
outcome of coaching.


      You are very much encouraged to talk more with the coach as to receive
a better understanding of what coaching is about and how to get the most
out of it.


Prior History


      The client also agrees to disclose details of the past or present
psychological or psychiatric treatment. Coaching and counselling are not
the same. Likewise, therapy and other modes of professional or medical
psychological examination shall not be considered equivalent to coaching.


      I am not a registered psychologist or psychiatrist, nor a licensed
therapist. I do not engage in therapy with my coaching clients. In entering
into the coaching relationship, and signing the agreement, you are agreeing
that if any mental health difficulties arise during the course of the
coaching relationship, you will notify me immediately so that I can discuss
with you an appropriate referral.


Confidentiality


All information about the coach/client relationship will remain strictly
confidential except in very rare circumstances where decreed by law; ie.
where the court might issue a subpoena for the file or information.


      If you wish for me as your coach to speak to someone outside our
interactions, you need to give me written permission (original letter, fax
or email) to do so. Exceptions to confidentiality of course relate to
circumstances such as intent to seriously harm someone, child abuse,
thoughts of suicide etc. Otherwise, all remaining information is kept
confidential.


      It is also important to note that in some situations, it is important
to be aware of the use of technology in that for some clients, there is a
risk in using certain media such as the internet, mobile phones and
cordless phones. If you use these to communicate with me, then I will
assume that it is appropriate to continue to do so in my interactions with
you.


Termination


The client has the option to terminate the coaching agreement within (3)
days of signing the contract, and will receive a refund on all payments.
Otherwise, the client agrees to coaching for the duration of the contracted
period.


Our signatures on this agreement indicate full understanding of the
agreement with the information outlined above.


___________________________________________


      Coaching Client Date


___________________________________________


      Personal Coach Date


Release of Liability


Life Coaching is a service that provides personal coaching to specific
individuals and/or groups. The client is aware that coaching is in no way
to be construed or substituted as psychological counselling or any other
type of therapy or medical advice. I will at all times exercise my best
professional efforts, skills and care of ensuring my client is coached to
meet their life coaching goals, the client understands and acknowledges the
coach will not be liable legally or otherwise, for the actions the client
may or may not undertake as a result of the life coaching sessions. No
assumption of responsibility is made, or given, and the client requesting
such advice agrees not to hold Charles Malewski III (Provider) responsible
or liable in any form or fashion, for such actions taken of their own
accord. The method and process by which this advice and direction are given
in no manner whatsoever, written or verbal, constitutes an agreement or
liability on the part of the provider and is acknowledged to be different
in many ways than clinical and medical counselling.


You (the client) agree that using any of these life coaching services are
entirely at your own risk. Life coaching services are provided "as is",
without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including
without limitation any warranty for information services, coaching,
uninterrupted access, or products and services provided through or in
connection with the service. This service is requested at the client's own
choice and with inherent singular responsibility. Any actions or lack of
actions, taken by the client of such advice is done so solely by choice and
responsibility of the client and is neither the responsibility nor
liability of Charles Malewski III (Provider). The client takes full
responsibility in the decisions they make after being coached as well as
the consequences. The client enters into coaching with full understanding
that they are responsible for creating their own results. Periodically I,
Charles Malewski III, may provide links to other web sites or written print
material which may be of value, interest and convenience to you. This does
not constitute endorsement of material at those sites or any associated
organization product of service. It is the responsibility of the user to
make their own informed decision about the accuracy of the information at
those sites and print material including their privacy policies. In no
event shall Charles Malewski III (Provider) be liable for any incident or
consequential damages resulting from use of the material.


___________________________________________


      Coaching Client Date


1

