
                LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT
                                     FOR
              CANYON BIOLOGICAL AND GEOSPATIAL CONSULTANTS LLC



  This Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (this “Agreement”) of
                                    this
member managed limited liability company, organized pursuant to the Limited-
                                  Liability
  Company Act of the State of Nevada (the “Act”), is entered into and shall
                                   become
 effective as of the Effective Date by and among the Company and the persons
                                  executing
 this Agreement as Members. It is the Members’ express intention to provide
                                   for the
  manner of operation of a limited liability company in accordance with the
                                   Act, as
   currently written or subsequently amended or redrafted. Therefore, all
                             provisions of this
  document shall be construed consistent with the afore-described intent of
                                the Members.
    Accordingly, in consideration of the conditions contained herein, the
                              Members agree as
                                  follows:


ARTICLE I



Company Formation


1.1 FORMATION. The Members have formed or caused to be formed Canyon
Biological and Geospatial Consultants LLC, a Nevada limited liability
company, subject
to the provisions of state law as currently in effect as of this date.
Articles of Organization
have been filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on or
about March 27,
2013, and are currently effective.


1.2 REGISTERED OFFICE AND AGENT. The location and name of the registered
agent shall be as stated in the Articles of Organization.


Nevada Registered Agent: Theresa Hyde. 401 Waterwheel Falls Dr., Henderson,

NV 89015


Oregon Registered Agent: Matthew Weldy. 1760 Sulphur Springs Road,
Corvallis,
OR 97330


1.3 TERM. The Company shall continue for a perpetual period, unless earlier
terminated
pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or as required by applicable law.
The Company
shall be terminated, and its affairs shall be wound up in accordance with
this Agreement,
the Act, and all applicable law, upon the occurrence of any of the
following events:


(a) Members whose capital interest, as defined in Article 2.1, exceeds 50
percent vote for
dissolution; or


(b) Any event which makes it unlawful for the business of the Company to be
carried on
by the Members; or


(c) The death, resignation, expulsion, bankruptcy, retirement of a Member,
or the
occurrence of any other event that terminates the continued membership of a
Member of
the Company; or


(d) Any other event causing dissolution of this Limited Liability Company
under the Act
or other applicable state laws.


1.4 CONTINUANCE OF COMPANY. Notwithstanding the provisions of Article 1.3,
in
the event of an occurrence described in Article 1.3(c), if there are at
least one remaining
Member(s), said remaining Member(s) shall have the right to continue the
business of the
Company


1.5 BUSINESS PURPOSE. The Company shall conduct any and all lawful business

deemed appropriate to execute the company’s objectives, as shall be
determined by the
Members from time to time.


1.6 PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS. The location of the principal place of
business of the Company shall be as stated in the Articles of Organization
or at another
location, within or without the State of Nevada, as the Members may select
from time to
time.


1.7 THE MEMBERS. The name and place of residence of each member are listed
below
in the section of this Agreement titled “Certification of Members.” The
Members are the
owners of this company.


1.8 ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL MEMBERS. Except as otherwise expressly
provided in the Agreement, no additional members may be admitted to the
Company
through issuance by the company of a new interest in the Company without
the prior
unanimous written consent of the Members.


ARTICLE II


Capital Contributions


2.1 INITIAL CONTRIBUTIONS. The Members initially shall contribute to the
Company’s capital in accordance with their “capital interest,” as set forth
on the
“Certification of Members” section of this Agreement, and the company shall
keep record
of the amount each contributed.


2.2 ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS. Except as provided in Article 6.2, no Member
shall be obligated to make any additional contribution to the Company's
capital.


ARTICLE III


Profits, Losses and Distributions


3.1 PROFITS/LOSSES. For financial accounting and tax purposes the Company's
net
profits or net losses shall be determined on an annual basis and shall be
allocated to the
Member-Managers in proportion to their percentage of capital interest in
the Company.


3.2 DISTRIBUTIONS. Any distributions from Available Funds to Members shall
be
defined by a two tier payment system where upon the satisfaction of
condition (a),
condition (b) shall apply.


(a) Each Member shall receive, as base salary, a distribution of $40,000
per year;


(b) Upon all payments required under Article 3.2(a) above being made, each
Member
shall receive a distribution of 35% of yearly gross earnings directly
attributable to such
Member’s professional efforts. The remaining 65% will be deposited into
company funds
with an additional bonus calculated and paid at year’s end based upon the
gross earning
of the Member through the year. Any such bonus payments shall be determined
by
consent of the Members.


Sub-contractors


Sub-contractors engaged by Canyon Biological and Geospatial Consultants
shall be paid, contract dependent, upon receipt of an invoice for actual
hours billed by such sub-contractor at the rate of 80% of the Company’s
hourly billing rate applicable to the project which is the subject of the
Sub-contractor’s engagement.


“Available Funds,” as referred to herein, shall mean the net cash of the
Company
available after appropriate provision for expenses and liabilities, as
determined by the
Members. Distributions in liquidation of the Company or in liquidation of a
Member's
interest shall be made in accordance with the positive capital account
balances pursuant
to Treasury Regulation 1.704-l(b)(2)(ii)(b)(2). To the extent a Member
shall have a
negative capital account balance, there shall be a qualified income offset,
as set forth in
Treasury Regulation 1.704-l(b)(2)(ii)(d).


ARTICLE IV


Management


4.1 MANAGEMENT OF THE BUSINESS. The management of the business is
invested in the Members. The members hereby appoint one Chief Executive
Member.
The Chief Executive Member shall be the head of operations of the business.



4.2 MEMBERS. The liability of the Members shall be limited as provided
pursuant to
the Act and applicable law. Members may take part in the control,
management,
direction, or operation of the Company's affairs and each shall have the
power and
authority to bind the Company, subject to the requirement that any legally
binding
agreement of the Company involving a payment, receipt or potential
liability of the
Company in excess of $10,000 must be either (a) signed by all Members, or
(b) executed by any one Member only upon written consent of all the Members
(which consent may
be in email, facsimile, or other electronic written form).


(a) Any decision that involves a major corporate transaction, such as a
sale of the
business, a loan, a merger with or an acquisition of another business
entity, requires the
unanimous consent of all member(s).


(b) All day to day decisions and management of the LLC will predominantly
be made by
the Chief Executive Member, but may be made by any Member(s) in accordance
with the
terms of this Agreement.


(c) If a Member disagrees with the Chief Executive Member’s decision or
proposed
decision, a Member may call a vote to decide the course of action. A simple
majority vote
must be completed to take an action on behalf of the LLC in accordance with
ARTICLE


4.5. The vote must be in writing, which may be conducted via email or other
electronic
means.


4.3 POWERS OF MEMBERS. The Members are authorized on the Company's behalf
to make all decisions in accordance with ARTICLE 4.2 as to (a) the sale,
development
lease or other disposition of the Company's assets; (b) the purchase or
other acquisition of
other assets of all kinds; (c) the management of all or any part of the
Company's assets;
(d) the borrowing of money and the granting of security interests in the
Company's
assets; (e) the pre-payment, refinancing or extension of any loan affecting
the Company's
assets; (f ) the compromise or release of any of the Company's claims or
debts; and, (g)
the employment of persons, firms or corporations for the operation and
management of
the company's business. In the exercise of their management powers, and
subject to the
provisions of Article 4.2, the Members are authorized to execute and
deliver (i) all
contracts, conveyances, assignments leases, sub-leases, franchise
agreements, licensing
agreements, management contracts and maintenance contracts covering or
affecting the
Company's assets; (ii) all checks, drafts and other orders for the payment
of the
Company's funds; (iii) all promissory notes, loans, security agreements and
other similar
documents; and, (iv) all other instruments of any other kind relating to
the Company's
affairs, whether like or unlike the foregoing.


4.4 DUTIES OF MEMBERS. Each Member shall have particular obligations with
respect to the operation of the Company, or “duties,” as set forth in the
“Certification of
Members” section of this Agreement.


(a) If a Member fails to perform such Member’s duties for a period of 120
consecutive
days, the Member will forfeit its Membership interest. The start date of
such failure to
perform must be documented.


(b) If a Member fails to perform such Member’s duties for a period of one
hundred
twenty (120) days out of two hundred thirty nine (239) days, the Member
will forfeit its
Membership interest in accordance with this article. The days on which the
Member
failed to perform must be documented.


(c) If a Member reasonably believes that another Member is failing to
perform its duties,
such complaining Member must deliver, by certified mail, a notice to the
Member alleged
to be non-performing at such Member’s residential address as reflected in
the
“Certification of Members” section of this Agreement or as currently
reflected on the
books and records of the Company. Such notice shall specify the nature of
the
nonperforming Member’s failure to perform, and the number of days such
failure has
been continuing as documented in accordance with Article 4.4(a) or (b)
above.


(d) Upon receipt of such complaint, a Member alleged to be failing to
perform its duties
shall have 14 days to cure such nonperformance. Such cure shall be deemed
effective
upon the reasonable, good-faith agreement of the other Members that the
nonperforming
Member has resumed performing its duties and has remedied any material
failures of
performance. In the event that the Member has not cured its failure to
perform, its
membership interest in the Company shall be forfeited and the Company shall
continue
with the other Members retaining their membership interests in proportion
to their capital
interests prior to such forfeiture.


(e) If Members disagree on what the Members’ duties are and/or whether each
or any
Member is performing, and have gone through the dispute process outlined in
section (a)
through (d) of this article, the Members agree to enter into binding
mediation or
arbitration to decide if the Member’s duties are being performed in
compliance with the
outlined agreed duties set forth in this Agreement or as may be otherwise
assigned among
the Members in writing from time to time. If there is failure to reach an
agreement
through arbitration or mediation of performed duties of Members, the
Members in
dispute agree to file a complaint in the appropriate Court to procure a
decision by the
appropriate Court as to the fulfillment of Members’ duties. Upon decision
of the Court
that a Member has or is failing to meet the duties it has been prescribed
to fulfill, the
Member will loose and assign its Membership interest to the other Member(s)
still
remaining. The assignment of the non-compliant Member’s membership interest
will
establish a debt owed by the LLC in accordance with ARTICLE 7.


(f) In the event that one or more Members may dispute the distribution of
obligations
and/or duties under this Agreement, the Members may negotiate between
themselves an
exchange of membership interests in equitable proportion to an adjustment
of Member
duties.


4.5 DISPUTES OF MEMBERS. Disputes among Members will be decided by a
majority vote. A member has the amount of votes according to the Member’s
percentage
interest in the total membership interests of the Company. There has to be
a majority vote
for an action to take place.


4.6 CHIEF EXECUTIVE MEMBER. The Chief Executive Member shall have primary
responsibility for managing the operations of the Company and for
effectuating the
decisions of the Members.


4.7 NOMINEE. Title to the Company's assets shall be held in the Company's
name or in
the name of any nominee that the Members may designate. The Members shall
have
power to enter into a nominee agreement with any such person, and such
agreement may
contain provisions indemnifying the nominee, except for his willful
misconduct.


4.8 COMPANY INFORMATION. Upon request, the Chief Executive Member shall
supply to any Member information regarding the Company or its activities.
Each Member
or his authorized representative shall have access to and may inspect and
copy all books,
records and materials in the Chief Executive Member’s possession regarding
the
Company or its activities. The exercise of the rights contained in this
Article 4.8 shall be
at the requesting Member's expense.


4.9 EXCULPATION. Any act or omission of a Member, the effect of which may
cause
or result in loss or damage to the Company or the Members, if done in good
faith to
promote the best interests of the Company, shall not subject such Member to
any liability
to the Company or to any of the other Members.


4.10 INDEMNIFICATION. The Company shall indemnify any person who was or is
a
party defendant or is threatened to be made a party defendant, pending or
completed
action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or
investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the Company) by reason of the fact
that he is or was a
Member of the Company, Manager, employee or agent of the Company, or is or
was
serving at the request of the Company, for instant expenses (including
attorney's fees),
judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred in
connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the Members determine
that he acted in
good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed
to the best
interest of the Company, and with respect to any criminal action
proceeding, has no
reasonable cause to believe his/her conduct was unlawful. The termination
of any action,
suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a
plea of "nolo
contendere" or its equivalent, shall not in itself create a presumption
that the person did
or did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed
to be in the
best interest of the Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding, had
reasonable cause to believe that his/her conduct was lawful.


4.11 RECORDS. The Members shall cause the Company to keep at its principal
place of
business or at another location agreeable by the Members, the following:


(a) A current list in alphabetical order of the full name and the last
known street address
of each Member;


(b) A copy of the Certificate of Formation and the Company Operating
Agreement and all
amendments;


(c) Copies of the Company's federal, state and local income tax returns and
reports, if
any, for the seven most recent years;


(d) Copies of any financial statements of the limited liability company for
the seven most
recent years.


ARTICLE V


Compensation


5.1 MANAGEMENT FEE. Any Member rendering services to the Company shall be
entitled to compensation commensurate with the value of such services as
all members
unanimously agree upon.


5.2 REIMBURSEMENT. The Company shall reimburse the Members for all direct
out-
of-pocket expenses incurred by them in managing the Company if unanimously
agreed
upon by all members.


5.3 MEMBER PAYMENT. Payments to Members shall be distributed from Available

Funds in accordance with Article 3.2 of this Agreement.


ARTICLE VI


Bookkeeping


6.1 BOOKS. The Members shall maintain complete and accurate books of
account of the
Company's affairs at the Company's principal place of business or at
another location
agreeable by the Members. Such books shall be kept on such method of
accounting as the
Members shall select. The company's accounting period shall be the calendar
year.


6.2 MEMBER'S ACCOUNTS. The individual members shall maintain separate
distribution accounts for each member.


(a) Any distributions to these accounts will follow Article 3.2.


(b) One central company account will be designated for all other company
transactions; (company capital, reimbursement).


(c) All individual members have access to and are responsible for their
individual transactions concerning the central company account with
oversight from the
Chief Executive Member.


6.3 REPORTS. The Members shall close the books of account after the close
of each
calendar year, and the Company, at the direction of the Chief Executive
Member, shall
prepare and send to each Member a statement of such Member's distributive
share of
income and expense for income tax reporting purposes.


ARTICLE VII


Transfers


7.1 ASSIGNMENT. If at any time a Member proposes to sell, assign or
otherwise
dispose of all or any part of its interest in the Company, the Member shall
comply with
the following procedures (for purposes of this Article VII, Members not
seeking to
transfer their membership interests shall be referred to as “current
Members,” and the
Member seeking to transfer its membership interest shall be referred to as
the “exiting
Member”):


(a) First, the exiting Member shall make a written offer to sell such
interest to the current
Member(s) at a price determined in writing. At this point such exiting
member may not
make its intention to alienate its interest known to any non-Member third
party. If such
current Members decline or fail to elect to purchase such interest within
sixty (60) days,
the exiting Member may advertise its membership interest for sale as it
sees fit, subject to
applicable law.


(b) If an exiting Member locates a potential buyer of such Member’s
interest, the current
Member(s) shall have the right of first refusal to purchase the exiting
Member’s interest
for the purchase price proposed to be paid by the potential third party
buyer. If there are
more than one current Members, such current Members may combine funds to
purchase
the exiting Member’s interest. The exiting Member must show that the
potential
purchaser has sufficient immediately available funding to purchase the
membership
interest, or the ability to obtain such funding, before the right of first
refusal period starts.
Current Members shall have 60 days to buy the exiting Member’s interest if
they so
desire.


(c) Pursuant to the Act and applicable law, current Members may unanimously
approve
the sale of exiting Member’s interests to grant full membership benefits
and functionality
to the new Member. The current remaining Members must unanimously approve
the sale,
or the purchaser or assignee will have no right to participate in the
management of the
business, affairs of the Company, or voting rights as a Member. The
purchaser or assignee
shall only be entitled to receive the share of the profits or other
compensation by way of
income and the return of contributions to which that Member would otherwise
be
entitled. The exiting Member must disclose to buyer or assignee whether, to
such
Member’s knowledge after reasonable inquiry, the current Members will or
will not
approve the sale.


7.2 VALUATION OF EXITING MEMBER’S INTEREST. If a member wishes to exit
the Company, and has not located a potential purchaser of its membership
interest,
exiting Member will assign its interest to current members according to the
following
procedures:


(a) A value must be placed upon this membership interest before it may be
assigned.
Such valuation may be determined by unanimous consent of the Members,
provided that
such valuation shall be commercially reasonable at the time of its
determination.


(b) If the exiting Member and current Members do not agree on the value of
this
membership interest, exiting member must pay for a certified appraiser to
appraise the
Company’s total fair market value, and the exiting Member’s membership
interest will be
assigned a value according to the exiting Member’s interest percentage.


(c) The current Members must approve the certified appraiser used by
exiting Member,
which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
The current
Members shall have 30 days to approve the exiting Member’s certified
appraiser. If
current Members disapprove the certified appraiser, they must show
commercially
reasonable evidence to support their disapproval of the certified
appraiser.


(d) Upon completion of a certified appraiser determining the fair market
value of the
Company, the exiting Member’s membership interest will be assigned a value
according
to the exiting Member’s interest percentage.


(e) If the current Members disagree with the value placed on the exiting
Member’s
interest, the current Members must pay for a certified appraiser to
determine the fair
market value of the Company and the exiting Member’s interest according to
the same
terms.


(f) The current Members’ appraisal must be completed within 60 days, or the
right of the
current Members to dispute the value of the exiting Member’s interest shall
expire.


(g) Upon completion of work by the current Member’s certified appraiser,
the exiting
Member must approve the value placed by such appraiser on exiting Members’
interest.
The exiting member has 30 days to approve this value.


(h) If the exiting Member does not approve the current Members’ appraiser’s
value, the
value of the Company will be determined to be the average of the two
appraisals’ fair
market value determinations, and the exiting Member’s membership interest
shall be
assigned a value in accordance with such figure.


(i) If the exiting Member is unable to participate in the process set forth
in this Article 7.2
due to injury or death, the value of the exiting Member’s worth will be
determined by a
certified appraiser selected by the current Members, in their reasonable
good-faith
discretion, and the fair market value of the exiting Member’s interest
shall be distributed
to the next of kin or individual appointed by the member as inheritor in
the “Certification
of Members” section of this Agreement.


7.3 DISTRIBUTION OF EXITING MEMBERS INTEREST. Upon determination of
the value of any exiting Member’s membership interest, such amount will
become a debt
of the Company. The exiting Member will only be able to demand payment of
this debt at
dissolution of the Company or the following method:


(a) The Company will make timely payments in accordance with this Article
7.3.


(b) The Company will only be required to make payments towards exiting
Members’ debt
if the Company is profitable and has distributed income to current Members.



(c) The Company must make a payment on an exiting Member’s debt if the
Company
distributed income of 50% of the total determined value of the exiting
Member’s interest
in one taxable year. (Example: If exiting Member’s value was $100,000 and
current
Member(s) received $50,000 taxable income in the taxable year, the LLC
would owe a
debt payment to exiting member. If the current Member(s) only received
$90,000 in
passed income, there would be no payment due.)


(d) Any debt payment must be at least 10% of the value of the distributed
income to
current Members.


(e) The Company must make a payment to exiting Member within 60 days of the
end of
the taxable year for the Company.


(f) Payments shall continue until the full amount of the exiting Member’s
debt is
paid by the Company.


(g) If the Company dissolves, the exiting Member shall be regarded as a
regular creditor,
and payment shall be pursuant to the Act or other applicable law regarding
dissolution of
a limited liability company.


(h) Debt owed to an exiting Member pursuant to this Article 7.3 shall NOT
accrue
interest.


(i) The Company can pay any amount owed to an exiting Member at any time,
if it so
desires.


CERTIFICATION OF MEMBERS
The undersigned hereby agree, acknowledge and certify to adopt this
Operating
Agreement.
Signed this _____ day of ____________________, 2013.

(1)____________________________ Signature _Theresa Hyde________ Printed
Name
_________________________________Chief Executive Member _51_Percent
_________________________________ Address
_________________________________


Duties: Member manager jointly responsible for the continued profitable
functioning of
Canyon Biological and Geospatial Consulting. This includes but is not
limited to
procurement of clients and contracts, project management and a
responsibility to the
safety of the aforementioned LLC's members, employees and subcontractors.


Name of chosen by member for inheritance ___________.

(2)________________________ Signature _Matthew Martin_________ Printed Name

_Member Manager_____________________Title _24.5_Percent
_34 _Lakeside Drive___________________Address
_Katonah, NY 10536_______________


Duties: Member manager jointly responsible for the continued profitable
functioning of
Canyon Biological and Geospatial Consulting. This includes but is not
limited to
procurement of clients and contracts, project management and a
responsibility to the
safety of the aforementioned LLC's members, employees and subcontractors.


Name of chosen by member for inheritance ___________.


(3)________________________ Signature _Matthew James Weldy_____ Printed
Name
_Member Manager____________________Title 24.5Percent
_1760 Sulphur Springs Road_____________ Address
_Corvallis, OR 97330__________________


Duties: Member manager jointly responsible for the continued profitable
functioning of
Canyon Biological and Geospatial Consulting. This includes but is not
limited to
procurement of clients and contracts, project management and a
responsibility to the
safety of the aforementioned LLC's members, employees and subcontractors.


Name of chosen by member for inheritance: Member’s inheritance is directed
to be split,
in equal parts to surviving sisters.
Sister: Megan Weldy and Laura Weldy

