
[DATE]


[FIRST NAME] [LAST NAME]


 


Dear [FIRST NAME],


On behalf of [COMPANY NAME] (the “Company”), the Company’s Board of
Directors (the “Board”) is pleased to offer you the following terms of
employment as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective [DATE]. The
initial terms of your new position with the Company are as set forth below.


1.        Position.


You will be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Your place of
employment will be the Company’s office in [COMPANY LOCATION]. Your
responsibilities in this position will include managing the day to day
operations of the Company and you will report to the Board. You agree to
the best of your ability and experience that you will at all times loyally
and conscientiously perform all of the duties and obligations required of
and from the Company. During the term of your employment, you further agree
that you will devote all of your business time and attention to the
business of the Company and that you will not, directly or indirectly,
engage or participate in any personal, business, charitable or other
enterprise that is competitive in any manner with the business of the
Company, whether or not such activity is for compensation.


2.        Compensation.


Your base salary will continue to be at the rate of $[SALARY] per year,
less payroll deductions and all required withholdings. You will be paid
semi-monthly on the Company’s regularly scheduled pay dates. Additionally
you are eligible to earn bonus compensation of up to 60% of your base
salary for your performance for Calendar Year [YEAR] as part of the
Executive Bonus Compensation Plan (the “Bonus Plan”), the details of which
are attached as Addendum A.


In addition, you will continue to be eligible for the following standard
Company benefits: health, dental, and vision coverage for employees, as
well as subsidized coverage for family members; Short and Long Term
Disability and Life Insurance coverage; and you will be able to participate
in the company 401 (k) plan. Additionally, you will continue to receive the
equivalent of 18 days of personal time off (PTO) per year that accrues semi-
monthly commencing from your first date of employment with the Company (the
“Original Start Date”). PTO will stop accruing when an employee reaches 252
hours of PTO. Details about these benefits are provided in the Summary Plan
Descriptions, available for your review. The Company may modify your
compensation and benefits from time to time as it deems necessary, with or
without advance notice.


3.        Stock Grant.


You are entitled to be granted options to purchase up to [NUMBER OF
OPTIONS] shares of the Company Common Stock (“Options”) under the Company’s
Stock Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). The Board may, in its absolute
discretion, choose to grant to you additional options in the future. The
Options are subject to the terms of the Plan, and will vest on a monthly
basis over four years from the Original Start Date in forty-eight equal
installments. In the event your employment is terminated prior to an IPO or
a Change in Control, you will also have eighteen months from your last day
of employment to exercise these options. 


4.        Confidential Information and Non-Solicitation Agreement.


Like all Company employees, you will continue to be required, as a
condition of your employment, to abide by Company rules and policies. You
must sign the Company’s Employee Confidential Information and Non-
Solicitation Agreement, which, among other things, prohibits unauthorized
use or disclosure of the Company’s proprietary and confidential information
and the unauthorized disclosure or use of any third party proprietary and
confidential information. That agreement shall continue in full force and
effect. You further agree that you will not bring onto Company premises any
unpublished documents or property belonging to any former employer or other
person to whom you have an obligation of confidentiality. In addition, as a
condition of employment, you agree that you will not assist any person or
organization in competing with the Company, in preparing to compete with
the Company or in hiring any employees of the Company.


Throughout the duration of your employment, you agree to disclose to the
Company in writing, any continuing outside working relationships with other
customers or entities with whom you are working or will work (whether or
not for compensation), as well as any potential conflicts of interest,
sources of income or other business endeavors (including any entity in
which you own more than 5% of the outstanding equity securities or have
voting control of more than 5%).


5.        At-Will Employment.


Your employment with the Company will continue to be “at-will.” This means
that either you or the Company may terminate your employment relationship
at any time, with or without notice, and with or without cause. By
accepting the role of CEO you confirm you understand and agree, that this
at-will relationship cannot be changed or retracted, either orally or in
writing, or by any policy or conduct, unless you receive a document
expressly stating that your employment is no longer at-will, which is
signed both by you and the Chair of the Board.


6.        Change of Control.


The Company recognizes that upon a Change of Control, it is appropriate to
provide you with accelerated vesting if your employment is involuntarily
terminated without cause or you are constructively terminated following
such a Change of Control.


Accordingly, if within 12 months following any Change of Control, your
employment is involuntarily terminated without Cause, or you are
Constructively Terminated following such Change in Control, then upon such
termination you will be entitled to immediate vesting of 100% of the number
of shares subject to all Options granted to you which remain unvested as of
the date of your termination or Constructive Termination. If Options are
not being assumed by the successor entity in connection with a Change of
Control (where “assumed” means translated into some form of compensation),
then all Options granted to you will become fully exercisable immediately
prior to the consummation of the Change of Control. You will not be
entitled to any salary continuation or severance payments.


If you are terminated with Cause or voluntarily resign your employment
following any Change in Control, but are not Constructively Terminated, you
will not be entitled to any accelerated vesting of Options or severance
payments.


For purposes of this offer letter, “Cause”, “Change of Control” and
“Constructive Termination” shall have the meaning set forth on Exhibit A.
Your right to such acceleration is conditioned upon your signing the
Company’s then current standard form of release releasing the Company (or
any successor entity), its officers, directors and affiliates from all
liability whatsoever.


7.        Severance Without Change of Control.


If you are terminated without Cause or you resign your employment due to a
Constructive Termination, so long as such termination is not within 12
months following a Change of Control, then you shall be entitled to
receive, as severance, (a) 6 month’s base salary continuation,
(b) 6  months reimbursement of payments for continuing health coverage,
pursuant to COBRA, assuming you elect COBRA continuation, and (c) continued
vesting of your shares for a period of 3 months following such employment
termination. Your right to such salary continuation, COBRA reimbursement,
and continued vesting is conditioned upon your signing the Company’s then
current standard form of release releasing the Company (or any successor
entity), its officers, directors and affiliates from all liability
whatsoever. For clarity purposes, you shall not be entitled to any bonus
after any such termination, nor shall you be entitled to any acceleration
of vesting of your stock options.


8.        Additional Information.


This letter, the Employee Confidential Information and Non-Solicitation
Agreement and the Option Exercise Agreement contain all of the terms of
your employment with the Company and supersede any prior understandings or
agreements, whether oral or written, between you and the Company. This
letter may not be amended or modified except by an express written
agreement signed by you and the Chairman of the Board.


Upon acceptance of this letter, please sign and return to me.


Sincerely,


 


_________________________________________________


[COMPANY OFFICER]


[COMPANY OFFICER TITLE]


 


Agreed and accepted as of:


[DATE]


 


_________________________________________________


[FIRST NAME] [LAST NAME]


 


EXHIBIT A


“Cause” shall mean: (i) you engaging in knowing and intentional illegal
conduct that was or is materially injurious to the Company or its
affiliates; (ii) you violating a federal or state law or regulation
applicable to the Company’s business which violation was or is reasonably
likely to be injurious to the Company; (iii) you materially breaching the
terms of any confidentiality agreement or invention assignment agreement
between you and the Company; or (iv) you being convicted of, or entering a
plea of nolo contendere, to a felony or committing any act of moral
turpitude, dishonesty or fraud against, or the misappropriation of material
property belonging to, the Company or its affiliates.


“Change of Control” shall mean the consummation of a reorganization, merger
or consolidation, or sale or other disposition of all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company, or the acquisition of assets of another
corporation or entity, or other similar transaction (each, a “Business
Combination”), unless, in each case, immediately following such Business
Combination (A) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities
who were the beneficial owners of voting stock of the Company immediately
prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or
indirectly, more than 55% of the combined voting power of the then
outstanding shares of voting stock of the entity resulting from such
Business Combination (including, without limitation, an entity which as a
result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of
the Company’s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries,)
and (B) at least a majority of the members of the Board of Directors of the
entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Board
of Directors of the Company at the time of the execution of the initial
agreement or of the action of the Board providing for such Business
Combination.


“Constructive Termination” shall mean (i) without your written consent, a
reduction in your base salary, other than a reduction in salary that is
part of an expense reduction effort applied to the executive management
team (defined as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Executive
Officer’s direct reports) generally and which results in a percentage
reduction of your salary or bonus no greater than the greatest percentage
reduction applied to at least one other member of the executive management
team; or (ii) without your written consent, a relocation of your principal
place of work to a location more than 35 miles away from your workplace
prior to the relocation; or (iii) without your written consent the
significant reduction of your duties or responsibilities when compared to
your duties or responsibilities in effect immediately prior to such change;
it is understood, however, that if, following a Change of Control pursuant
to which the Company becomes part of a larger entity but remains a separate
business entity, you continue to be the general manager of such business
entity (or a successor entity) and you retain responsibility for managing
the day to day operations of such business entity (even if the Company is a
part of such larger entity and/or you no longer report to or interact with
the Board of Directors of either the Company or the acquiring entity or if
you no longer retain the title of Chief Executive Officer) such
arrangements shall not be considered a Constructive Termination under the
foregoing clause (iii).

