
NATURAL DEATH ACT OF 1981, D.C. CODE SECTION 6-2422


DECLARATION OF [ENTER NAME OF DECLARANT]


Declaration made this [ENTER DAY] of [ENTER MONTH, YEAR]. I [ENTER NAME OF
DECLARANT], being of sound mind, willfully and voluntarily make known my
desires that my dying shall not be artificially prolonged under the
circumstances set forth below, do declare:


If at any time I should have an incurable injury, disease, or illness
certified to be a terminal condition by two physicians who have personally
examined me, one of whom shall be my attending physician, and the
physicians have determined that my death will occur whether or not life-
sustaining procedures are utilized and where the application of life-
sustaining procedures would serve only to artificially prolong the dying
process, I direct that such procedures be withheld or withdrawn, and that I
be permitted to die naturally with only the administration of medication or
the performance of any medical procedure deemed necessary to provide me
with comfort care or to alleviate pain.


In the absence of my ability to give directions regarding the use of such
life-sustaining procedures, it is my intention that this declaration shall
be honored by my family and physicians as the final expression of my legal
right to refuse medical or surgical treatment and accept the consequences
from such refusal.


I understand the full import of this declaration and I am emotionally and
mentally competent to make this declaration.


[ENTER NAME OF THE DECLARANT]


City of residence: [ENTER CITY]


County of residence: [ENTER COUNTY [IF D.C. STATE D.C]]


State of residence: [ENTER STATE [IF D.C. ENTER D.C.]]


[DATE]


I believe the declarant to be of sound mind. I did not sign the declarant's
signature above for or at the direction of the declarant. I am not related
to the declarant by blood or marriage, entitled to any portion of the
estate of the declarant according to the laws of intestate succession of
the District of Columbia or under any will of declarant or codicil thereto,
or directly financially responsible for declarant's medical care. I am not
the declarant's attending physician, an employee of the attending
physician, or an employee of the health facility in which the declarant is
a patient.


[WITNESS 1]


[WITNESS 2]


Date: ___________________

