

Welcome to Mailbox


These Terms of Service (these “Terms”) explain how you can use the Mailbox
mobile apps, websites, services and software (collectively “Mailbox”),
provided by Dropbox, Inc., (“Dropbox,” “we” or “our”) so please read these
Terms before you get started. They apply to all visitors, users and others
who access Mailbox (“users”).


By using Mailbox you agree to be bound by these Terms and to the collection
and use of your information as spelled out in our Privacy Policy. If you
are using Mailbox on behalf of a group or organization, you agree to these
Terms for that group or organization and represent that you have the
authority to do so (in that case, “you” and “your” refers to that group or
organization).


Using Mailbox


Mailbox is an app that helps you manage your email from your mobile device.
When you add your Gmail account, you authorize Mailbox to securely access
your messages using an authentication method called OAuth. Your passwords
are never stored on our servers. Our servers securely store a subset of
your messages temporarily: this lets us give you the fastest possible
access to important messages, like new or deferred emails. Of course, you
retain any ownership and intellectual property rights you have in the
content in your email (see the Copyright section of these Terms for more
detail).


When signing up for Mailbox, you agree to provide accurate information. You
also understand that you’re responsible for the activity in your Mailbox
and for safeguarding any passwords that you use. This goes without saying,
but you‘re not allowed to access another user’s account without
permission. 


Reservations


Mailbox reservations are available on a first-come, first-serve basis on
http://mailboxapp.com or through the app. Users who reserve a spot will be
sent an email or text message with a unique reservation number and secret
code. By submitting your contact information on the Mailbox website or in
the Mailbox app, you agree to receive such communications from us and you
understand that standard SMS rates apply. These reservations are non-
transferrable and non-saleable. We reserve the right to terminate
individual reservation codes for any reason at any time. If you have
questions about our reservation system, please contact info@mailboxapp.com.


Lots of people rely on Mailbox, and we trust you to use Mailbox and our
services responsibly - which means, for example, you agree not to interfere
with Mailbox or our services or try to access them using a method other
than the interface and the instructions that we provide.


      You agree not to:
    • copy, distribute, or disclose any part of Mailbox in any medium,
    • probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
    • breach or otherwise circumvent any security or authentication
      measures;
    • interfere with or disrupt any user, host, or network, for example:
      don’t send a virus, overload, spam, or mail-bomb any part of Mailbox;
    • plant malware or otherwise use Mailbox to distribute malware;
    • send unsolicited communications, promotions or advertisements, or
      spam;
    • send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information,
      including “spoofing” or “phishing”;
    • publish anything that is fraudulent, misleading, or infringes
      another's rights;
    • impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or
      entity;
    • sell, trade, resell or otherwise exploit for any unauthorized
      commercial purpose or transfer any Mailbox reservation codes;
    • violate the law in any way, or to violate the privacy of others, or to
      defame others. (for example, sending illegal or defamatory emails with
      Mailbox)


We may permanently or temporarily revoke or suspend your access to Mailbox
without notice and liability for any reason including your violation of
these Terms. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to
be bound by these Terms.


Who can use Mailbox?


You can use Mailbox only if you can form a binding contract with us, and
only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable laws and
regulations. Sorry kids - use of Mailbox by anyone under 13 is strictly
prohibited.


Content


Your stuff is your stuff.


By using Mailbox, you allow Mailbox to help manage content, information,
emails, and attachments in those emails (anything you upload, submit, or
transmit through Mailbox, collectively “your stuff”). You retain ownership
of any intellectual property rights that you hold in your stuff. So, what
belongs to you remains yours - we don’t own it. These Terms do not give us
any rights to your stuff or intellectual property except for the rights we
need to provide Mailbox to you, as explained in these Terms. You are
responsible and liable for anything you copy, share, upload, download,
attach, send, receive, record or otherwise do while using Mailbox, and you
represent that your stuff is actually your stuff or that you have all
necessary rights to use your stuff on or through Mailbox.


Mailbox allows you to connect your email account so we can check, process
and deliver email on your behalf. Our servers securely store a limited
amount of email temporarily so that Mailbox can deliver messages quickly,
keep track of emails you’ve deferred, and provide you access to the rest of
the Mailbox functionality. By using Mailbox, you give Dropbox permission to
do things you ask it to do with your stuff, for example, hosting or sharing
your stuff as you direct it to through Mailbox. This includes sending
emails and providing previews to documents and images. It also includes
creating backups of your recent and deferred stuff to ensure it is safe and
always accessible to you. By using Mailbox, you give Dropbox the
permissions needed to provide its services to you through Mailbox,
including extending that permission to trusted third parties that help us
to run Mailbox (like Amazon, which hosts our servers). This and other rare
exceptions are outlined in our Privacy Policy , which explains exactly how
Dropbox collects and uses your information generally.


Our stuff is our stuff


We retain our rights title and interest in Mailbox, and all that makes up
Mailbox, including, without limitation, software, design, text, graphics,
logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights (“our stuff”), and
all intellectual property rights related to our stuff. Subject to these
Terms, we give you a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely
revocable license to use Mailbox for your personal, noncommercial use only
(aka you can’t resell Mailbox). Just like you retain ownership over your
stuff, we reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms in
Mailbox and our stuff. These Terms do not provide you with any rights to
use our trademarks, logos, domain names, or other brand features. Use of
our stuff for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is
strictly prohibited.


You may choose to give us feedback or ideas about Mailbox, including
improvements (“ideas”). By submitting an idea, you agree that you’re doing
it out of the goodness of your heart and not for financial gain or other
recognition. We are free to use the idea or share it with others, or we may
use a similar idea, developed by our employees or obtained from another
source.


Copyright


You are responsible and liable for your stuff and what you otherwise copy,
share, upload, download, attach, send, receive, record or otherwise use
while using Mailbox.


We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement according to
the process set out in the U.S. Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Such
notices should be reported as outlined in our DMCA Policy. We reserve the
right to suspend your account, delete or disable content alleged to be
infringing and/or terminate the account of a repeat infringer.


Privacy and Security


Your privacy is extremely important to us - we care about the integrity and
security of your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that
unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security
measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. You
acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.
Please review our Privacy Policy, which explains exactly how we collect and
store your stuff.


Software


Software from Dropbox: Some use of Mailbox requires you to download a
client software package (“the app”). To use the app you must have a device
that is compatible, so we cannot guarantee that the app will work on your
device. We grant you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable
license to use the app, solely to access Mailbox. Your license to use the
app is automatically revoked if you violate these Terms. You may not copy,
modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of Mailbox or included
software, nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source
code of that software (unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have
our written permission or delete the copyright and other proprietary rights
notices on the app).


Software from iTunes: You acknowledge and agree these Terms are solely
between you and Dropbox, not Apple, and that Apple has no responsibility
for Mailbox or the content sent or received using Mailbox. Your use of
Mailbox must comply with the App Store Terms of Service. You acknowledge
that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and
support Mailbox services. If Mailbox fails to conform to any applicable
warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price of
Mailbox to you; to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple
will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to Mailbox,
and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses
attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be solely
governed by these Terms and any law applicable to Dropbox as provider of
the software. You acknowledge that Apple is not responsible for addressing
any claims of you or any third party relating to Mailbox or your possession
and/or use of Mailbox, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability
claims; (ii) any claim that Mailbox fails to conform to any applicable
legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer
protection or similar legislation; and all such claims are governed solely
by these Terms and any law applicable to Dropbox as provider of the
software. You acknowledge that, in the event of any third party claim that
Mailbox or your possession and use of Mailbox infringes that third party’s
intellectual property rights, Dropbox, not Apple, will be solely
responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any
such intellectual property infringement claim to the extent required by
these Terms. You and Dropbox acknowledge and agree that Apple, and Apple’s
subsidiaries, are third party beneficiaries of these Terms as relates to
your license of Mailbox, and that, upon your acceptance of the terms and
conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right to enforce these Terms
as relates to your license of Mailbox against you as a third party
beneficiary of the software.


App Updates: From time to time, we may issue upgraded versions of the app.
You agree that these Terms will apply to all such upgrades. Any third-party
code that may be incorporated in the app is covered by the applicable open
source or third-party license EULA, if any, authorizing use of such code.
The foregoing license grant is not a sale of the app or a copy of the app,
and Dropbox and our partners and suppliers retain all rights and interest
in the app. Any attempt by you to transfer any of the rights, duties or
obligations hereunder, except as expressly provided for in these Terms, is
void. We reserve all rights not expressly granted under these Terms.


Modifying and Terminating Service


We are constantly changing and improving Mailbox. We may add or remove
features, and while we’ll do our best to give you advance notice about any
major changes, you understand that we may stop, suspend, or change Mailbox
at any time without prior notice. We may also remove content from Mailbox
at our discretion.


Miscellaneous Legal Terms


Below are some explicit definitions of legal terms: we recommend a strong
caffeinated beverage before reading.


Indemnity


You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dropbox and its
subsidiaries, agents, licensors, from and against any and all claims,
damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses
(including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use
of and access to Mailbox, including any data or content transmitted or
received by you; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms; (iii) your
violation of any third-party right, including without limitation any right
of privacy or intellectual property rights; (iv) your violation of any
applicable law, rule or regulation; (v) any claim or damages that arise as
a result of any of your stuff or any that is submitted via your account; or
(vi) any other party’s access and use of Mailbox with your unique username,
password or other appropriate security code.


No Warranty


We promise to provide you with a great service, but we can’t promise
everything. Mailbox is provided on an “as-is” and “as available” basis. Use
of Mailbox and the software is at your own risk. To the maximum extent
permitted by applicable law, Mailbox and the software is provided without
warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including, but not
limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose, or non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, Dropbox and
its licensors, do not warrant that the content is accurate, reliable or
correct; that Mailbox or the software will be available at any particular
time or location, uninterrupted or secure; that any defects or errors will
be corrected; or that Mailbox or the software is free of viruses or other
harmful components. Any content downloaded or otherwise obtained through
the use of Mailbox is downloaded at your own risk and you will be solely
responsibly for any damage to your computer system or mobile device or loss
of data that results from such download or use of the service.


Limitation of Liability


To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event will Dropbox, its
affiliates, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable
for (a) any indirect, special, incidental, punitive, exemplary or
consequential (including loss of use, data, business, or profits) damages,
regardless of legal theory, whether or not Dropbox has been warned of the
possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy fails of its essential
purpose; (b) any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages,
losses or costs in an amount exceeding the greater of $20 or the mounts
paid by you to Dropbox for the past three months of the services in
question. Some states do not allow the types of limitations in this
paragraph, so they may not apply to you. Mailbox is controlled and operated
from facilities in the United States. Dropbox makes no representations that
Mailbox is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who
access or use Mailbox from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition
and are entirely responsible for compliance with all applicable United
States and local laws and regulations, including but not limited to export
and import regulations.


Notification Procedures and Changes to these Terms


Dropbox may provide notifications, whether such notifications are required
by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to you via
email notice, written or hard copy notice, or through posting of such
notice on our website, as determined by Dropbox in our sole discretion.
Dropbox reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing
notifications to our users, provided that you may opt out of certain means
of notification as described in these Terms. Dropbox is not responsible for
any automatic filtering you or your network provider may apply to email
notifications we send to the email address you provide us. Dropbox may, in
its sole discretion, modify or update these Terms from time to time, and so
you should review this page periodically. When we change the Terms in a
material manner, we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of
this page. Your continued use of Mailbox after any such change constitutes
your acceptance of the new Terms of Service. If you do not agree to any of
these terms or any future Terms of Service, do not use or access (or
continue to access) Mailbox.


Governing Law and Arbitration.


Governing Law: These Terms and the use of Mailbox services and software
will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of laws
principles. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the federal
and state courts located in Santa Clara County, California for any actions
for which we retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief
in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened
infringement, misappropriation or violation of a our copyrights,
trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property or
proprietary rights, as set forth in the Arbitration provision below.


Arbitration: For any dispute with Dropbox, you agree to first contact us at
mailbox-privacy@dropbox.com and attempt to resolve the dispute with us
informally. In the unlikely event that Dropbox has not been able to resolve
a dispute it has with you after attempting to do so informally, we each
agree to resolve any claim, dispute, or controversy (excluding any Dropbox
claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) arising out of or in
connection with or relating to these Terms, or the breach or alleged breach
thereof (collectively, “Claims”), by binding arbitration by the American
Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under the Commercial Arbitration Rules and
Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in effect for
the AAA, except as provided herein. The arbitration will be conducted in
Santa Clara County, California, unless you and Dropbox agree otherwise.
Each party will be responsible for paying any AAA filing, administrative
and arbitrator fees in accordance with AAA rules. The award rendered by the
arbitrator shall include costs of arbitration, reasonable attorneys’ fees
and reasonable costs for expert and other witnesses, and any judgment on
the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of
competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this Section shall prevent either party
from seeking injunctive or other equitable relief from the courts as
necessary to prevent the actual or threatened infringement,
misappropriation, or violation of that party’s data security, intellectual
property rights, or other proprietary rights. All claims must be brought in
the parties’ individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in
any purported class or representative proceeding, and, unless we agree
otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s
claims. You agree that, by entering into this agreement, you and Dropbox
are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class
action.


These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and
Dropbox with respect to Mailbox, and supersede and replace any other
agreements, terms and conditions applicable to Mailbox. These Terms create
no third party beneficiary rights. Dropbox’s failure to enforce a provision
is not a waiver of its right to do so later. If a provision is found
unenforceable the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full
effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as
closely as possible. You may not assign any of your rights in these Terms,
and any such attempt is void, but may be assigned by Dropbox without
restriction. Dropbox and you are not legal partners or agents; instead, our
relationship is that of independent contractors.


Please contact us mailbox-privacy@dropbox.com with any questions regarding
these Terms.


Last Modified: June 22, 2013

