
At www.mapstone.net, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance
to us (See this article to learn more about Privacy Policies.). This
privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is
received and collected by www.mapstone.net and how it is used.


Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.mapstone.net makes use of log files. The
information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP )
addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time
stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends,
administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather
demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not
linked to any information that is personally identifiable.


Cookies and Web Beacons
www.mapstone.net does use cookies to store information about visitors
preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user
access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type
or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.


DoubleClick DART Cookie


    • Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on
      www.mapstone.net.
    • Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based
      on their visit to www.mapstone.net and other sites on the Internet.
    • Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google
      ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL -
      http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.


These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the
advertisements and links that appear on www.mapstone.net send directly to
your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs.
Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also
be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of
their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that
you see.


www.mapstone.net has no access to or control over these cookies that are
used by third-party advertisers.


You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad
servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for
instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.mapstone.net's
privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of,
such other advertisers or web sites.


If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual
browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with
specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.


Welcome to www.mapstone.net. If you continue to browse and use this website
you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and
conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern
www.mapstone.net's relationship with you in relation to this website.


The term www.mapstone.net or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the
website. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website. The
use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:


    • The content of the pages of this website is for your general
      information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
    • Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as
      to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability
      of the information and materials found or offered on this website for
      any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and
      materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude
      liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent
      permitted by law.
    • Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely
      at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your
      own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or
      information available through this website meet your specific
      requirements.
    • This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.
      This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout,
      look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than
      in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these
      terms and conditions.
    • All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property
      of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
    • Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages
      and/or be a criminal offence.
    • From time to time this website may also include links to other
      websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide
      further information. They do not signify that we endorse the
      website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked
      website(s).
    • You may not create a link to this website from another website or
      document without www.mapstone.net's prior written consent.

