
[DATE]


Mark Zuckerberg


Facebook, Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025


Dear [EMPLOYEE NAME]:


This letter agreement amends and restates the employment letter entered
into between you and Facebook, Inc. (the “Company”), dated May 17, 2005.


You will continue to work at the Company’s Menlo Park office in the role of
President and Chief Executive Officer.


1. Compensation.


a. Base Wage. In this position, you will earn a base salary of $500,000 per
year. Your wages will be payable in two equal payments per month pursuant
to the Company’s regular payroll policy. Your pay will be periodically
reviewed as part of the Company’s regular reviews of compensation.


b. Bonus. You may be eligible to receive a semi-annual discretionary bonus
of up to a target of 45% of your Base Eligible Earnings as defined in the
Company’s bonus plan. Based on your performance, you can over-achieve your
bonus target pursuant to the Company’s bonus plan.


c. Equity Awards. The Company acknowledges that it has previously issued
equity to you under the Company’s 2005 Officers Stock Plan and common stock
purchase agreements. Nothing in this letter agreement will amend or affect
the terms of such awards and agreements.


2. Employee Benefits.


a. Paid Time Off. Subject to the Company’s PTO policy, you will be eligible
to accrue up to 21 days of PTO per calendar year, pro-rated for the
remainder of this calendar year.


b. Group Plans. The Company will provide you with the opportunity to
participate in the standard benefits plans currently available to other
similarly situated employees, including medical, dental, and vision,
subject to any eligibility requirements imposed by such plans.


3. Confidentiality Agreement. By signing this letter agreement, you
reaffirm the terms and conditions of the Confidential Information and
Invention Assignment Agreement (the “Confidentiality Agreement”) by and
between you and the Company, dated [ORIGINAL EMPLOYMENT DATE].


4. No Conflicting Obligations. You understand and agree that by signing
this letter agreement, you represent to the Company that your performance
will not breach any other agreement to which you are a party and that you
have not, and will not during the term of your employment with the Company,
enter into any oral or written agreement in conflict with any of the
provisions of this letter or the Company’s policies. You are not to bring
with you to the Company, or use or disclose to any person associated with
the Company, any confidential or proprietary information belonging to any
former employer or other person or entity with respect to which you owe an
obligation of confidentiality under any agreement or otherwise. The Company
does not need and will not use such information and we will assist you in
any way possible to preserve and protect the confidentiality of proprietary
information belonging to third parties. Also, we expect you to abide by any
obligations to refrain from soliciting any person employed by or otherwise
associated with any former employer and suggest that you refrain from
having any contact with such persons until such time as any non-
solicitation obligation expires.


5. Outside Activities. While you render services to the Company, you agree
that you will not engage in any other employment, consulting or other
business activity without the written consent of the Company. In addition,
while you render services to the Company, you will not assist any person or
entity in competing with the Company, in preparing to compete with the
Company or in hiring any employees or consultants of the Company.


6. General Obligations. As an employee, you will be expected to adhere to
the Company’s standards of professionalism, loyalty, integrity, honesty,
reliability and respect for all. You will also be expected to comply with
the Company’s policies and procedures. The Company is an equal opportunity
employer.


7. At-Will Employment. Employment with the Company is for no specific
period of time. Your employment with the Company will be on an “at will”
basis, meaning that either you or the Company may terminate your employment
at any time for any reason or no reason. The Company also reserves the
right to modify or amend the terms of your employment at any time for any
reason. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are
superseded by this letter agreement. This is the full and complete
agreement between you and the Company on this term. Although your job
duties, title, compensation and benefits, as well as the Company’s
personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the “at
will” nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written
agreement approved by the Company’s Board of Directors.


8. Withholdings. All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee of
the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings.


 


This letter agreement supersedes and replaces any prior understandings or
agreements, whether oral, written or implied, between you and the Company
regarding the matters described in this letter. This letter will be
governed by the laws of California, without regard to its conflict of laws
provisions.


Very truly yours,


Facebook, Inc.


Theodore W. Ullyot


Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

