
The terms below will govern the sale of merchandise relating toName of
Event, Show, Sale, or Merchandise(“Merchandise”) by Name of Seller and/or
other Seller entity([collectively, ]“Seller”) toName of
Customer(“Customer”), for salesin connection with [description of specific
event if necessary]expected to commence on or about start date and conclude
on or about end date (such period, the “Term”)].


1. Prices and Payment.


1.1 Prices. Merchandise prices and minimum order quantities of Merchandise
are set forth on Schedule A. Seller may change wholesale prices upon no
less than Notice of price change period [five (5) days] prior notice to
Customer.


1.2 Purchase Orders. Customer must submit written or digital purchase
orders for the Merchandise no later than ten (10) business days prior to
the requested delivery date, setting forth quantity, type, and requested
delivery date of Merchandise. Purchase orders received fewer than ten (10)
business days prior to the requested delivery date shall be filled at
Seller’s discretion and subject to express shipping charges (to be paid by
Customer). All orders are processed subject to availability.


1.3 Payment. Customer will be invoiced for Merchandise orders and payment
is due within Invoice Due date [thirty (30) days] of invoice date. Late
payments incur a finance charge of two percent (2%) of the unpaid invoice
balance per month, starting Time when finance charge/late fee kicks in
[thirty (30) days] after the due date. Seller may withhold fulfillment of
Customer’s additional purchase orders until past due payments, including
any finance charges, are received in full.


1.4 Refund or Buy-back. Within Refund Time Limit of the conclusion of the
Term, Customer may return any unsold Merchandise item(s) in original
condition to Seller for a full refund of the invoice price of such
Merchandise item(s) (or for credit to any outstanding invoice). Customer
shall bear the cost of shipping, handling and insurance for returned
Merchandise.


2. Shipping. Customer will be responsible for all Merchandise shipping and
handling expenses, including (if applicable), customs clearance,
import/export fees, freight risks and insurance, and Customer may be
required to act as the importer of record for international shipments.
Customer must notify Seller of any claimed shipping error or damage within
Time limit to notify of error or damage [five (5) days]of receipt of
Merchandise. Customer’s failure to give such notice within that five-day
period shall be deemed a waiver of Customer's claim for incorrect or
damaged shipments.


3. Returns. Within 10 days of Customer’s receipt of Merchandise, Customer
may return (i) Merchandise that does not conform to Seller’s product
specifications or (ii), Merchandise damaged or shipped incorrectly if
notice of condition is given within Time limit to notify of error or damage
[five (5) days] of receiving the merchandise. Returns will be credited to
Customer’s account or replaced.


4. Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, SELLER
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE MERCHANDISE.
ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY SELLER. IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS OF CUSTOMER.


5. Miscellaneous.


5.1 Buyer-Seller Relationship. The relationship created by this agreement
is solely a buyer-seller relationship. This agreement does not make either
party the employee, agent, or legal representative of the other for any
purpose whatsoever.


5.2 Governing Law; Dispute Resolution. This agreement shall be governed by
Governing State Law [New York] law. Any dispute arising from this agreement
shall first be addressed by the parties through informal dispute resolution
procedures conducted in good faith. If the parties do not resolve the
dispute within thirty days of the date of the first dispute resolution
meeting, the parties agree to mediate the dispute in a mutually agreed-upon
place with a mutually agreed-upon mediator, the costs of which shall be
borne equally by the parties. In the event the dispute is not resolved
through mediation, the dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration
before a single arbitrator in City where you would want to arbitrate [New
York, New York] in accordance of the rules of the American Arbitration
Association, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award rendered by
the arbitrator shall be entered in a court of competent jurisdiction
sitting in City where you would want to receive judgement/damages [New
York, New York].





  Acknowledged and agreed by:


Printed Name of Authorized Individual & Signature, [DATE], [TIME]


[NAME OF CUSTOMER COMPANY]


Customer Company address


 


Printed Name of Authorized Individual & Signature, [DATE], [TIME]


Name of Seller Company


Seller Company address


Schedule A


Attach Price List/Invoice

