
This is an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated [DATE], pursuant to Section
251 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, between [MERGED COMPANY], a
Delaware corporation having its principal place of business at [MERGED
COMPANY ADDRESS] (the “Company”), and [SURVIVING COMPANY], a Delaware
corporation having its principal place of business at [SURVIVING COMPANY
ADDRESS] (the “Surviving Company”).


                                 WITNESSETH:


WHEREAS, the Company is a corporation duly organized and existing under the
laws of the State of Delaware and is authorized to issue [N. OF NEW SHARES
OF MERGED COMPANY] shares of Common Stock, $[PRICE PER SHARE OF MERGED
COMPANY]par value per share, of which [N. OF OUSTANDING SHARES OF MERGED
COMPANY] shares are issued and outstanding as of the date hereof;


WHEREAS, the Surviving Company is a corporation duly organized and existing
under the laws of the State of Delaware and is authorized to issue [N. OF
NEW SHARES OF SURVIVING COMPANY] shares of Common Stock, $[PRICE PER SHARE
OF SURVIVING COMPANY] par value per share, of which [N. OF OUSTANDING
SHARES OF SURVIVING COMPANY] shares are issued and outstanding as of the
date hereof;


WHEREAS, the Company desires to merge itself into the Surviving Company;


WHEREAS, the Surviving Company desires that the Company be merged into
itself; and


WHEREAS, the Boards of Directors of the Company and the Surviving Company
have adopted a resolution approving this Agreement and Plan of Merger;


NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the
undertakings herein contained and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged,
the parties hereto agree as follows:


      1. Merger. The Company shall be merged into the Surviving Company
pursuant to Section 251 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. The
Surviving Company shall survive the merger herein contemplated and shall
continue to be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. The separate
corporate existence of the Company shall cease forthwith upon the Effective
Date (as defined below). The merger of the Company into the Surviving
Company shall herein be referred to as the “Merger.”


      2. Stockholder Approval. As soon as practicable after the execution of
this Agreement and Plan of Merger, the Company and the Surviving Company
shall, if necessary under the General Corporation Law of Delaware, submit
this Agreement and Plan of Merger to their respective stockholders for
approval.


      3. Effective Date. The Merger shall be effective upon the filing of
this Agreement and Plan of Merger or a Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which filing shall be made as
soon as practicable after all required stockholder approvals have been
obtained. The time of such effectiveness shall herein be referred to as the
“Effective Date.”


      4. Common Stock of the Company. On the Effective Date, by virtue of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the holders thereof, each
share of Common Stock of the Company issued and outstanding immediately
prior thereto shall cease to exist and shall be changed and converted into
[N. OF CONVERTED SHARES] fully paid and non-assessable share(s) of the
Common Stock, par value $[PRICE PER SHARE OF SURVIVING COMPANY] per share,
of the Surviving Company.


      5. Common Stock of the Surviving Company. On the Effective Date, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, each share of Common Stock of the Surviving Company issued and
outstanding immediately prior thereto shall remain issued and outstanding
and each share of Common Stock of the Surviving Company held in the
treasury of the Surviving Company shall remain in the treasury.


      6. Stock Certificates. On and after the Effective Date, all of the
outstanding certificates which prior to that time represented shares of the
Common Stock of the Company shall be deemed for all purposes to evidence
ownership of and to represent the shares of the Surviving Company into
which the shares of the Company represented by such certificates have been
converted as herein provided. The registered owner on the books and records
of the Surviving Company or its transfer agent of any such outstanding
stock certificate shall, until such certificate shall have been surrendered
for transfer or conversion or otherwise accounted for to the Surviving
Company or its transfer agent, have and be entitled to exercise any voting
and other rights with respect to and to receive any dividend and other
distributions upon the shares of the Surviving Company evidenced by such
outstanding certificate as above provided.


      7. Succession. On the Effective Date, the Surviving Company shall
succeed to all of the rights, privileges, debts, liabilities, powers and
property of the Company in the manner of and as more fully set forth in
Section 259 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware. Without limiting
the foregoing, upon the Effective Date, all property, rights, privileges,
franchises, patents, trademarks, licenses, registrations, and other assets
of every kind and description of the Company shall be transferred to,
vested in and devolved upon the Surviving Company without further act or
deed and all property, rights, and every other interest of the Company and
the Surviving Company shall be as effectively the property of the Surviving
Company as they were of the Company and the Surviving Company,
respectively. All rights of creditors of the Company and all liens upon any
property of the Company shall be preserved unimpaired, and all debts,
liabilities and duties of the Company, including, without limitation, all
liabilities and duties of the Company under its [employee stock plans]
shall attach to the Surviving Company and may be enforced against it to the
same extent as if said debts, liabilities and duties had been incurred or
contracted by it.


      8. Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws. The Certificate of
Incorporation of the Surviving Company in effect on the Effective Date
shall continue to be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving
Company until further amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and
applicable law. The By-Laws of the Surviving Company in effect on the
Effective Date shall continue to be the By-Laws of the Surviving Company
until amended in accordance with the provisions thereof and applicable law.


      9. Directors and Officers. The members of the Board of Directors and
the officers of the Surviving Company on the Effective Date shall continue
in office until the expiration of their respective terms of office and
until their successors have been elected and qualified.


      10. Further Assurances. From time to time, as and when required by the
Surviving Company or by its successors and assigns, there shall be executed
and delivered on behalf of the Company such deeds and other instruments,
and there shall be taken or caused to be taken by it such further and other
action, as shall be appropriate or necessary in order to vest or perfect in
or to confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Company the title to
and possession of all the property, interests, assets, rights, privileges,
immunities, powers, franchises and authority of the Company, and otherwise
to carry out the purposes of this Agreement and Plan of Merger, and the
officers and directors of the Company are fully authorized in the name and
on behalf of the Company or otherwise to take any and all such action and
to execute and deliver any and all such deeds and other instruments.


      11. Abandonment. At any time prior to the Effective Date, this
Agreement and Plan of Merger may be terminated and the Merger may be
abandoned by the Board of Directors of either the Company or the Surviving
Company or both, notwithstanding approval of this Agreement and Plan of
Merger by the stockholders of the Company or the Surviving Company.


      12. Amendment. This Agreement and Plan of Merger may be amended by the
Boards of Directors of the Company and the Surviving Company at any time
prior to the Effective Date, provided that an amendment made subsequent to
the approval of this Agreement and Plan of Merger by the stockholders of
either the Company or the Surviving Company shall not (1) alter or change
the amount or kind of shares, securities, cash, property and/or rights to
be received in exchange for or on conversion of all or any of the shares of
any class or series thereof of such corporation, (2) alter or change any
term of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Company to be
effected by the Merger or (3) alter or change any of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and Plan of Merger if such alteration or
change would adversely affect the holders of any class or series of the
stock of such corporation.


      13. Governing Law. This Agreement and Plan of Merger and the legal
relations between the parties shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.


      14. Counterparts. In order to facilitate the filing and recording of
this Agreement and Plan of Merger, the same may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original.


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties hereto has caused this
Agreement and Plan of Merger to be executed and attested on its behalf by
its officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written.



