
By signing this agreement, [CLIENT NAME] (“Client”) has retained FullSteam
Labs (“Developer”) to proceed with website monitoring services starting on
[START DATE], and agrees to the terms and conditions as set forth in this
Agreement.


During this period, Developer agrees to devote up to [2] hours per month
towards website software updates, backups, and security monitoring. Work
will be performed at the offices of Developer. Work will normally occur
between the hours of 9 to 5 weekdays.


Payment for these services will be to Developer at the rate of $[MONTHLY
COST] per month for 12 months and will be made for the following year no
later than the deadline specified on the invoice. Invoices will be
submitted annually.


Developer services in addition to the allotted hours per month specified
above will be made available by the Developer at the rate of $[85] per hour
and will be billed separately.


Description of Developer Services:


    • 24x7 Monitoring & Offline Alerts
    • Updated Plugins & Extensions
    • Regular Offsite Backups
    • DNS Proxy (blocks bad IPs & protects against malicious attacks)
    • Cloud Caching (keeps site online if your server goes down)
    • Recovery Support for Quick Restoration


Nightly Backups:


Developer will provide service that makes nightly backups of site and
stores them offsite on Amazon S3.


The results of any and all work performed by the Developer for Client,
including original creative work, will remain the property of the Client.
Client may use this material in any way deemed appropriate. However, this
agreement does not modify any terms from previous creative work agreements
between Developer and Client.


Restoration:


In the event that your website needs to be restored from a previous backup,
we will use the most up to date backup that passes a virus scan for
malware.


This agreement may be terminated on 30 days’ written notice by either
Service Provider or Client. In case of termination, Service Provider shall
make a reasonable attempt to finish work in progress. Any remaining balance
after the 30 days’ notice period ends will be refunded as a pro-rated
amount.


FullSteam Labs
(Developer)


[CLIENT COMPANY NAME]
(Client)

