
WINDOWS STORE


APPLICATION DEVELOPER AGREEMENT


Version: 4.6


Effective date: March 20, 2013


Important  This version of the App Developer Agreement is for your
information only. Some countries/regions might require a different version
of this agreement. If you have registered as an app developer, you can view
your agreement at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=221922.


Thank you for your interest in building apps for Windows. This agreement
describes the relationship between you and Microsoft Corporation (or the
Microsoft subsidiary in the region where you live) and governs your use of
the Windows Store and the Developer Website.


By submitting an application (or "app", as we refer to them in the Windows
Store) or related materials to Microsoft, you represent and warrant to us
that you have the authority to accept this agreement, and you also agree to
be bound by its terms. Throughout this agreement, we refer to you as a
developer, but we understand that in some cases, you may be a publisher
submitting apps that you did not develop.


1) WINDOWS STORE ACCOUNT. To submit apps to the Windows Store, you must
open a Windows Store developer account through the developer website.
Microsoft may verify information you submit when you set up your Store
account. You may be required to pay an account fee to submit your app for
certification. Your Store account is only for your use, and you are
responsible for all activity that takes place with your Store account. If
you fail to keep your account in good standing (for example, by failing to
pay fees, if any, associated with the account, by giving Microsoft
incorrect or outdated information, or by repeatedly submitting apps that
violate this agreement, abuse the Store service, or interfere with any
other party’s use of the Store service) Microsoft may revoke your Store
account, remove your apps from the Windows Store, delete app ratings and
reviews, and retain associated account fees (if any) and pursue any other
remedies available to Microsoft.


2) SUBMISSION, EVALUATION, CERTIFICATION, AND DISTRIBUTION OF APPS.


     a. Submission. You must submit to Microsoft each app that you wish to
     make available through the Windows Store, including any updates to each
     app. Microsoft will retain (or destroy) all copies of the app and other
     materials you submit. It will not return them, so you must maintain
     your own backup copies.


     b. Desktop App Submission. You may submit an app description for one or
     more desktop apps to the Windows Store. Notwithstanding anything else
     in this agreement, you understand that Microsoft will not offer any
     desktop apps through the Store and only Windows Store apps are made
     available through the Windows Store. Microsoft may, but is not required
     to, list the desktop app in the Windows Store together with a link you
     provide, to a website where users can acquire the app. You are solely
     responsible and agree to maintain that website and provide an updated
     link to Microsoft if the url changes. Desktop apps are any apps built
     using APIs other than the APIs for Windows Store apps that run on
     Windows 8.


     c. Updates to Apps. You may submit updates to apps for certification
     and distribution through the Windows Store. Those updates are subject
     to all of the requirements of this agreement.


     d. Evaluation and Testing. You may use the Windows App Certification
     Kit to test your app on a Windows 8 enabled device.


     e. Certification. Microsoft will evaluate each app (including any
     updates) you submit to determine whether it complies with this
     agreement (which includes the Certification Requirements) and other
     policies made available to you (if any). Microsoft will not make any
     app available in the Windows Store unless and until the app is
     certified by Microsoft. That process is described in more detail in the
     Certification Requirements.


     f. Content. You are solely responsible for selecting all content made
     available through your app(s), including your Marks. "Marks" means, for
     each app, the name, trademarks, logos, icons, titles, product
     descriptions, and screenshots you provide to Microsoft for use in
     connection with the marketing and distribution of your app through the
     Windows Store.


     g. Responding to Claims. If Microsoft receives a claim from a third
     party requesting that your app be changed or removed, Microsoft may
     refer that claim to you. You must comply with the notice as soon as
     reasonably practicable, together with any other requirements in
     Microsoft’s Notice and Takedown policies at
     http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=224390 . If you discover that
     your app violates the terms of this agreement, you must immediately
     notify Microsoft and work with Microsoft to repair the app.


     h. Making a Claim. If you believe another app violates your rights, you
     may submit a claim to Microsoft in accordance with Microsoft's Notice
     and Takedown policies.


     i. App Availability. Microsoft has no obligation to make any app
     available that you submit, even if that app is Certified.


     j. App Placement and Promotion. Microsoft will, in its sole discretion,
     make all decisions regarding placement or promotion of apps in the
     Windows Store.

     k. DELETED.

     l. Removal Policies. Microsoft may remove or suspend the availability
     of any app from the Windows Store for any reason or no reason.
     Microsoft also may disable previously downloaded copies of an app if
     Microsoft believes that the app could cause harm to end users or their
     devices, third parties or any network, or to comply with any judicial
     process, government order or lawsuit settlement. Unless your app is
     removed or disabled for breach of this Agreement or in response to an
     infringement allegation (in which case Section 10.b will apply),
     Microsoft will pay to you the amounts owed, if any, in connection with
     the distribution of your app before removal or disablement.


     m. Modification or Discontinuance. The Windows Store is the property of
     Microsoft. Microsoft may change or discontinue the Windows Store at any
     time.


3) APPOINTMENT AS AGENT OR COMMISSIONAIRE; LICENSES.


     a. Appointment of Microsoft. The Windows Store is a forum through which
     apps are made available by developers to Windows users. Microsoft’s
     role is to provide the technology and services to enable this forum,
     and to process the related purchases, returns and chargebacks for you.
     You appoint Microsoft to act as your agent or commissionaire, as
     applicable, for these purposes. If your app is designated as
     preinstallable by an OEM or other channel partner, or "channel
     exclusive", you authorize us to make your app available to the
     designated OEM or channel partner on your behalf.


     b. License to Microsoft. You grant to Microsoft the worldwide right to:
     host, install, use, reproduce, format, make available to customers
     (including through multiple tiers of distribution), and sign the app
     (including by removing preexisting signatures) all for purposes of
     exercising Microsoft’s rights and responsibilities under this
     agreement, including performing certification of your app and
     conducting penetration or other testing for identification of security
     vulnerabilities. Microsoft may also evaluate your app periodically
     after it becomes available in the Windows Store, to verify that it
     continues to comply with this agreement and remains compatible with
     Windows. You also grant Microsoft the worldwide, royalty-free right to
     publicly perform and display, duplicate and demonstrate your app,
     pieces of your app, or associated Marks and materials, at trade shows
     and industry events, and to advertise or promote your app in any and
     all media.


     c. Unpublishing an App. If you use the unpublish functionality in the
     Dashboard , then within a reasonable period of time Microsoft will
     cease distribution of the requested app, except as permitted under
     Section 10.b of this agreement. To unpublish an app, you should submit
     a metadata only update destined for no markets.


     d. Product Ratings. The Windows Store will allow users to comment on
     and rate apps. Microsoft may use those ratings and other data to
     determine the placement or marketing of apps in the Windows Store. Your
     apps may be subject to user ratings with which you may not agree. You
     may not attempt to manipulate ratings for your app or any other app,
     and you may not rate your own app. You may contact Microsoft if you
     have any questions or concerns regarding these ratings.


     e. Right to Use Marks. You grant Microsoft, its agents, licensees and
     affiliates the right to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform and
     publish your entity name and the Marks for each app, in connection with
     the distribution and marketing of the app through the Windows Store and
     in any marketing campaigns, presentations and press releases for the
     app, Windows operating system and/or Windows Store that Microsoft may
     elect to engage in.


     f. Privacy Policy. If your app enables access to and the use of any
     Internet-based services, or otherwise collects or transmits any user’s
     personal information, you must maintain a privacy policy. You are
     responsible for informing customers of your privacy policy (including
     by submitting that policy to us for display to customers). Your privacy
     policy must (i) comply with applicable laws and regulations, (ii)
     inform users of the information collected by your app and how that
     information is used, stored, secured and disclosed, and (iii) describe
     the controls that users have over the use and sharing of their
     information, and how they may access their information. You must also
     provide access to your privacy policy in the app’s settings as
     displayed in the Windows settings charm.


     g. License to Customer for Windows Store apps. You, not Microsoft, will
     license the right to install and use each app to customers. You may
     provide a license agreement to the customer for your app. That license
     agreement or other terms that govern a customer’s use of your app
     (including any privacy policy), or a link to them, must be delivered to
     Microsoft for publication via the product description materials you
     provide to Microsoft. If you do not provide such materials, then the
     Standard Application License Terms, attached as Exhibit A, will apply
     between you and customers of your app. If you provide your own license
     agreement, your license must, at a minimum, (a) permit the customer to
     download and run the app on up to five Windows 8 enabled devices that
     are associated with that customer’s Microsoft account, without payment
     of any additional fees to you (from either Microsoft or customer), (b)
     include "disclaimer of warranty" and "limitation on and exclusion of
     remedies and damages" sections that are at least as protective as
     Exhibit A and (c) disclaim any support services from Microsoft and the
     customer’s device manufacturer and network operator (if applicable).
     Your license terms must also not conflict with the Standard Application
     License Terms, in any way, except if you include FOSS, your license
     terms may conflict with the limitations set forth in Section 3 of those
     Terms, but only to the extent required by the FOSS that you use. "FOSS"
     means any software licensed under an Open Source Initiative Approved
     License.


     h. Roaming. Your Windows Store app must be licensed and technically
     enabled to support "roaming." Roaming is a Windows 8 feature that
     enables users to use your app on up to 5 Windows 8 enabled devices at
     any one time, unless you identify your app as eligible for distribution
     by only named OEMs, or on only an ARM or X86 processor. In such case,
     the app must support roaming to the eligible OEM or processor specific
     machines. Only the most recently distributed version of your app will
     be roamed to consumers.


     i. License to Microsoft Mark. Effective as of: (i) the general
     availability date for Windows 8, (ii) the day Microsoft makes your app
     available for download in the Windows Store, and (iii) for so long as
     your app continues to be made available in the Windows Store, Microsoft
     grants you a worldwide, nonexclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free
     license to use the Microsoft Mark in connection with advertising for
     your app, solely as described at the logo use specifications posted at:
     http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=254841. The Microsoft Mark is
     also described at that site. Microsoft may change this URL, but if it
     does, Microsoft will use reasonable means to redirect you to any new
     URL where the specifications are posted. Microsoft may, with reasonable
     notice to you, change the specifications to include a new Microsoft
     Mark. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly granted herein. You
     may not: (i) use the Microsoft Mark in a way that may cause confusion
     about ownership of the Microsoft Mark or whether the app is a Microsoft
     product, (ii) do or say anything that implies affiliation with, or
     sponsorship, endorsement or approval by Microsoft other than as
     contemplated by this Agreement, (iii) use the Microsoft Mark in a way
     that implies that non-licensed products meet Microsoft’s certification
     requirements, (iv) register, adopt or use any name, trademark, domain
     name or other designation that includes or violates Microsoft’s rights
     in the Microsoft Mark or any Microsoft trademark in the Microsoft Mark,
     (v) use the Microsoft Mark in a way that would damage Microsoft’s
     reputation or goodwill in the Microsoft Mark, (vi) alter, animate or
     distort the Microsoft Mark or combine it with any other symbols, words,
     images or designs. You must display the following trademark notice on
     all materials where the Microsoft Mark is used: “Windows and the
     Windows logo are trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies."
     Microsoft is the sole owner of the Microsoft Mark and associated
     goodwill, and the sole beneficiary of the goodwill associated with your
     use of the Microsoft Mark. You will not acquire any right, title or
     interest in the Microsoft Mark because of your use of the Microsoft
     Mark. You hereby assign and will assign in the future any rights you
     may acquire in the Microsoft Mark as a result of your use of the
     Microsoft Mark under this license, along with the associated goodwill.
     You will reasonably assist Microsoft at Microsoft’s expense in
     protecting the Microsoft Mark. Microsoft will determine, in its sole
     discretion, whether to take legal action to enforce or defend its
     rights in the Microsoft Mark and will control any legal action
     concerning the Microsoft Mark.


4) APP REQUIREMENTS. Each app you submit to Microsoft for distribution
through the Windows Store must meet the following requirements:


     a. Certification Requirements. The app, including any app that contains
     FOSS, must comply with this Agreement, the Certification Requirements
     and any other materials provided to you by Microsoft, as any of these
     may be revised from time to time.


     b. Local Law. The app and your marketing of the app must comply with
     the laws of each territory or country into which you request
     distribution of the app. This includes: (i) data protection, privacy
     and other laws and regulations relating to collection and use of user
     information by your app (ii) telecommunications laws and (iii) content
     ratings regulations. If you are required to make any disclosures to
     consumers prior to sale or download of the app, you must provide those
     in the app description field. Those may include your full contact
     information, notice that an app supports in-app purchases, or other
     disclosures. You must make such notices sufficiently prominent as is
     required by local law. Your app must not require further export, import
     or technology control licensing from any government. You must disclose
     to Microsoft any controlled technology employed, used or supported by
     your app. You may not use the Windows Store or any services or tools
     made available for the development of apps for any illegal activity.


     c. Third Party Rights. Your app, including any app that contains FOSS,
     must not infringe or misappropriate any intellectual property or
     personal right of any third party. You will obtain and maintain all
     necessary rights, clearances and consents, and pay all performance,
     licensing and reuse fees, including any consideration associated with
     providing music or video related content in and through your app. If
     your app includes FOSS, you must comply with all applicable FOSS
     licensing terms, including any source availability requirements.


     d. FOSS Software. If your app includes FOSS, it must not cause any non-
     FOSS Microsoft software to become subject to the terms of any FOSS
     license.


     e. In-App Commerce. You may elect to support purchasing options from
     within your app. You are not required to use Microsoft’s commerce
     engine to support those purchases. If you choose to use Microsoft’s in-
     app purchase commerce engine, purchases will be subject to the terms of
     this Agreement, including without limitation the Store Fee and
     licensing and roaming requirements. You may not use Microsoft’s in-app
     purchase commerce engine to support the sale of physical goods from
     within your Application. If your Application uses a non-Microsoft
     commerce engine, you must disclose that information in the product
     description.


     f. Sweepstakes and Charitable Contributions. If your app is used to
     facilitate or collect charitable contributions or to conduct a
     promotional sweepstakes or contest, you must do so in compliance with
     applicable law. You must also state clearly that Microsoft is not the
     fundraiser or sponsor of the promotion. You may not use the Microsoft
     commerce engine to facilitate charitable contributions or sweepstakes.


5) APP PRICING, PAYMENTS, TRANSACTIONS AND TAXES.


     a. App Pricing. When you submit an app, you will designate the price
     (if any) to be charged to customers by selecting one of the app price
     points that are listed in the Dashboard, and Microsoft will charge
     customers that price (or its reasonable equivalent in local currency)
     for the license to your app as acquired through the Windows Store.


     b. Store Fees. You will pay Microsoft a Store Fee for each of your apps
     that Microsoft makes available through the Windows Store. Microsoft may
     deduct and retain the store fees you owe Microsoft from any amounts it
     receives from customers for those apps. You will also pay any store
     fees that Microsoft does not deduct, within five (5) days after you
     receive a written request. The Store Fee is the percentage of Net
     Receipts that is retained by Microsoft as a fee for making your app
     available through the Windows Store. That percentage is 30%, unless and
     until your app takes in total Net Receipts of USD$25,000, after which
     time the percentage is 20% for that app. Net Receipts are the total
     amount collected from customers in connection with the download of your
     app through the Windows Store, minus any (i) sales, use or VAT/GST
     taxes collected from customers for remittance by Microsoft; (ii)
     amounts refunded to customers; and (iii) amounts owed to Microsoft
     under this agreement.


     c. Payment Terms. Microsoft will pay you an amount equal to the Net
     Receipts for your app, minus the Store Fee (the “App Proceeds”) as full
     compensation for your app as made available to customers from the
     Windows Store, on a monthly basis, unless the Net Receipts are less
     than US$200 (or its equivalent in local currency), in which case
     Microsoft may elect to carry forward the amount owed to subsequent
     months until the total amount owed is more than USD$200 (or its
     equivalent in local currency).


     d. Payment Processing. Microsoft will pay you the App Proceeds in
     accordance with Microsoft's then-current payment policies and in the
     manner you indicated during the Windows Store account setup. Microsoft
     is not responsible for delay, loss or misapplication of payment because
     of incorrect or incomplete information supplied by you or a bank or for
     failure of a bank to credit your account. If you are outside of the
     United States of America, Microsoft may remit payment to you in the
     local currency of your address for payment, using Microsoft’s then
     current rates for converting USD into or from your local currency. The
     amount you actually receive will depend in part on the rates and fees
     imposed by your financial institution and on any applicable tax
     withholding requirements, and the amount you receive will be inclusive
     of any sales, use, or value-added taxes that may be chargeable between
     you and Microsoft. You must provide Microsoft with all financial, tax
     and banking information requested so Microsoft can pay you under this
     agreement. Microsoft will notify you of any changes to the required
     information. Your failure to keep such information current and accurate
     may result in Microsoft’s removal of your app from distribution and
     forfeiture of amounts owed to you under this agreement. A customer will
     be deemed to have paid in full for your app when Microsoft receives
     payment from the customer, and Microsoft’s failure to remit the amounts
     owing to you will not affect a customer’s rights to the app.


     e. Retaining Costs. If Microsoft removes your app(s) from the Windows
     Store and/or any customer’s device(s) for breach of this agreement or
     in response to an allegation of intellectual property infringement,
     Microsoft may deduct any costs incurred in connection with the removal
     of such app (s) from any App Proceeds. If Microsoft terminates or
     suspends your Store account for breach of this agreement, Microsoft
     will deduct any costs incurred in connection with closing or suspending
     your Store account from any App Proceeds otherwise payable to you.


     f. Taxes on Payments. You are responsible for your own taxes, including
     taxes unique to where you reside, that are related to payments you may
     receive under this agreement. You are also responsible for paying any
     sales, use, or value-added taxes (if any) in connection with the Store
     Fee that Microsoft collects from you. If taxes are required to be
     withheld on any amounts to be paid by Microsoft to you, Microsoft will
     deduct such taxes from the amount owed and pay them to the appropriate
     taxing authority and will secure and deliver to you an official receipt
     for any such taxes withheld. Microsoft will use reasonable efforts to
     minimize such taxes to the extent permissible under applicable law, and
     each party will reasonably cooperate with the other to obtain the
     lowest tax rates or elimination of such taxes pursuant to the
     applicable income tax treaties.


     g. Reconciliation and Offset. You are responsible for all costs and
     expenses for returns and chargebacks of your app, including the full
     refund and chargeback amounts paid or credited to customers. Refunds
     processed after you receive the App Proceeds will be debited against
     your account. Microsoft may offset any amounts owed to Microsoft
     (including the refund and chargeback costs described in this paragraph)
     against amounts Microsoft owes you. Refunds processed by Microsoft can
     only be initiated by Microsoft; if you wish to offer a customer a
     refund, directly, you must do so via your own payment processing tools.


     h. Taxes on App Transactions. If you choose to have Microsoft make your
     app available for customers in the United States, any current member
     country of the European Union, Canada, Norway, Switzerland, Taiwan or
     Liechtenstein (Remittance Countries), Microsoft (or its billing service
     provider) will collect and remit sales, use, goods and services, value
     added or similar taxes, if any, applicable to your app as made
     available in such country(s) through the Windows Store. In any country
     other than the Remittance Countries, Microsoft will not remit any
     sales, use, goods and services, value added or other similar tax. You
     are responsible for determining whether you have an obligation to
     register, collect, and remit taxes in any country other than the
     Remittance Countries, and you must designate the sales price of your
     app to include any applicable taxes that you are obligated to collect
     and pay in those countries. For additional tax information and
     requirements please see MSDN.


6) WARRANTIES. You represent, warrant and undertake to Microsoft that:


     a. You have the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to
     fully perform your obligations under this agreement;


     b. Your app, together with all advertising or other materials
     accessible from or that provide access to your app, complies with and
     will continue to comply with all requirements of this agreement,
     including the Certification Requirements;


     c. You are at least 18 years of age (or the age of full legal capacity
     in your location) on the date you submit your app(s) to Microsoft;


     d. Listing and distribution of your app in the Windows Store does not
     and will not violate any agreements to which you are a party or of
     which you are otherwise aware, and does not and will not misappropriate
     or infringe the intellectual property or proprietary rights of any
     third party;


     e. Microsoft’s exercise of the rights you grant under this agreement
     will not obligate Microsoft or its subsidiaries to pay any third party
     any amounts; and


     f. The information you provide to Microsoft under or in connection with
     this agreement is true, accurate, current, and complete.


7) CONFIDENTIALITY. During the term of this agreement and for five (5)
years after, the recipient of Confidential Information under this agreement
will hold in confidence, and will not use or disclose any of the other
party’s Confidential Information to a third party, except contractors who
are performing on the receiving party’s behalf and only subject to
confidentiality terms at least as protective as this section. "Confidential
Information" means all information that a party designates as confidential,
or which, under the circumstances of disclosure, ought to be treated as
confidential. If Microsoft exposes you to any customer personal
information, then between you and Microsoft, that personal information is
Microsoft Confidential Information and you will return to Microsoft, or
destroy that information, immediately upon Microsoft’s request.
Confidential Information does not include information that is or becomes
known to the receiving party without a breach of this agreement or any
other confidentiality obligation owed to a disclosing party. If you have
any questions as to what comprises Microsoft Confidential Information, you
will consult with Microsoft. This section does not prohibit either party
from responding to lawful requests from law enforcement authorities. You
also agree that Microsoft may aggregate business intelligence metrics and
report that information in non-identifiable form via the Developer Portal.


8) ACCESS TO TRANSACTION DATA. Even though Microsoft is your agent or
commissionaire as described in Section 3(a), Microsoft will not provide you
access to any personal information submitted by customers through the
Windows Store, including transaction data. You waive, release and disclaim
any claim or right you may have to request access to such information.
Microsoft’s only reporting obligation to you is to provide you the
reporting capabilities we are required to provide under applicable tax laws
and regulations.


9) DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, AND DEFENSE OF CLAIMS.


     a. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. WE PROVIDE THE WINDOWS STORE AND DASHBOARD
     "AS-IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR THE RISK OF
     USING THE WINDOWS STORE AND DEVELOPER PORTAL. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED
     BY LOCAL LAW, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS,
     INCLUDING THOSE OF PRODUCT LIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
     PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, RELATING
     TO THE WINDOWS STORE AND DEVELOPER PORTAL.


     b. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS
     AFFILIATES ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO YOUR ACCOUNT
     FEE (OR $1, IF THERE IS NO ACCOUNT FEE). YOU AGREE NOT TO SEEK AND
     WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO RECOVER ANY OTHER LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING
     WITHOUT LIMITATION CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
     PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. THESE LIMITS AND EXCLUSIONS APPLY EVEN
     IF MICROSOFT KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF THE
     DAMAGES. THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU BECAUSE
     YOUR STATE OR COUNTRY MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES.


     c. Duty to defend. You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless
     Microsoft and its subsidiaries from and against (including by paying
     associated any costs, losses, damages or expenses and attorneys’ fees)
     any and all third party claims: (i) that your app infringes any
     proprietary or personal right of a third party; (ii) alleging your
     breach of this agreement, (iii) relating to the use of or inability to
     use the app, including any product liability claims; or (iv) by any tax
     authority based on any nonpayment or underpayment of any sales, use,
     goods and services, value added or other similar tax, including any
     associated penalties and interest, in any country other than the
     Remittance Countries. Microsoft will notify you promptly in writing of
     the claim and, at your reasonable request, provide you with reasonable
     assistance in defending the claim. You will reimburse Microsoft for any
     reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in providing that
     assistance. You will not make any settlement or compromise of a claim,
     or admit or stipulate any fault or liability on Microsoft part with
     respect to any claim covered by this section without Microsoft’s
     express, prior written consent.


10) TERM AND TERMINATION.


     a. General. This agreement will remain in effect until terminated. You
     or Microsoft may terminate this agreement at any time for any reason or
     no reason, upon at least sixty (60) days’ written notice. Either party
     may terminate this agreement in the event of an uncured material breach
     of this agreement by the other party which termination will be
     effective thirty (30) days after the other party’s receipt of written
     notice of the breach.


     b. App Retention. If you terminate this agreement or request that
     Microsoft remove your app from the Windows Store, Microsoft may retain
     a copy of the affected app(s), indefinitely. Unless the app was removed
     from the Windows Store because of a court order relating to
     intellectual property infringement, Microsoft may reproduce and
     continue to make the app(s) available only to customers who previously
     downloaded the app(s) under the terms of the customer’s existing
     license, or for storage management, backup and restore, or technical
     reasons.


11) MISCELLANEOUS


     a. Notices. All notices that you provide to Microsoft under this
     agreement must be sent to Microsoft as described at
     http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=221914.


     b. Assignment. Microsoft may assign this agreement (or any rights or
     duties under it) at any time. You may not assign this agreement or any
     rights or duties under it without the express written consent of
     Microsoft.


     c. Subcontractors. Microsoft may sublicense its rights under this
     agreement to third parties to assist Microsoft in performing its
     obligations or exercising its rights under this agreement. Microsoft
     will, subject to the terms of this agreement, be responsible for the
     performance of such third parties.


     d. English Language. The parties intend for this agreement to be
     written and interpreted solely in English. Any notices required or
     provided under this agreement will be in English. In the event of any
     conflict between the English version of this agreement or any notices
     and a translation, the English version will prevail.


     e. Choice of Law and Venue. This agreement is governed by the laws of
     Washington State. You irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction
     and venue of the courts in King County, Washington.


     f. Limitation on Claims. To the maximum extent permitted by local law,
     any claim related to this agreement or to the Windows Store must be
     filed within one year of the claimant first becoming aware of the
     claim. If it is not filed within that time, then the claim is
     permanently barred.


     g. No Waiver. A party’s failure to enforce any rights under this
     agreement will not be deemed a waiver of the same right on another
     occasion, or of the right to enforce any other right under this
     agreement. Microsoft’s decision to make an app available on the Windows
     Store will not be deemed a waiver of any rights Microsoft may have
     under this agreement, including for violations of the Certification
     Requirements or other content related terms.


     h. Survival. Sections 2(g), 9h), (j) and (l), 3(c), (d) and (e), 6-9,
     10(b), and 11 will survive any termination or expiration of this
     agreement.


     i. Not Exclusive. This agreement is nonexclusive, and nothing in this
     agreement restricts you or Microsoft from entering into other, similar
     agreements with other marketplaces or app developers, or from
     acquiring, licensing, developing, manufacturing, or distributing
     similar or competing technologies.


     j. Updates. Microsoft may update this agreement at any time in its sole
     discretion. Microsoft will indicate the last date on which the
     agreement was modified at the top of the agreement. By submitting an
     app and/or any related materials under this agreement, you agree to be
     bound by the terms and conditions contained in the agreement then in
     effect on the date of submission. Those terms will apply to apps that
     you submit on and after that date, until the terms are updated again.
     If you do not agree with an update, you have no right to, and must not,
     submit an app or any related materials.


Exhibit A


STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSE TERMS


WINDOWS STORE


These license terms are an agreement between you and the application
developer. Please read them. They apply to the software application you
download from the Windows Store, including any updates or supplements for
the application, unless the application comes with separate terms, in which
case those terms apply.


BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THE APPLICATION, OR ATTEMPTING TO DO ANY OF THESE,
YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO AND
MUST NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION.


The application developer means the entity licensing the application to
you, as identified in the Windows Store.


If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below.


1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS; EXPIRATION. You may install and use one
copy of the application on each of up to five (5) Windows 8 enabled devices
that are affiliated with the Microsoft account associated with your Windows
Store account.


2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES.


     a. Consent for Internet-Based or Wireless Services. The application
     connects to computer systems over the Internet, which may include via a
     wireless network. Using the application operates as your consent to the
     transmission of standard device information (including but not limited
     to technical information about your device, system and application
     software, and peripherals) for internet-based or wireless services.


     b. Misuse of Internet-based Services. You may not use any Internet-
     based service in any way that could harm it or impair anyone else’s use
     of it or the wireless network. You may not use the service to try to
     gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by
     any means.


3. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The application is licensed, not sold. This agreement
only gives you some rights to use the application. Application developer
reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights
despite this limitation, you may use the application only as expressly
permitted in this agreement. You may not


    • work around any technical limitations in the application;
    • reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the application, except and
      only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this
      limitation;
    • make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement
      or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;
    • publish or otherwise make the application available for others to
      copy; or
    • rent, lease or lend the application.


4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the Application, you
may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes.


5. TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The Application may be subject to
United States or international technology control or export laws and
regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export
laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the
application. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and
end use. For information on Microsoft branded products, see
www.microsoft.com/exporting.


6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Microsoft and your hardware manufacturer are not
responsible for providing support services for the application. If
Microsoft is the application developer, it may provide support services,
but is not obligated to do so under this agreement. Contact the application
developer to determine what support services are available.


7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, any applicable privacy policy, and the
terms for supplements and updates are the entire agreement between you and
application developer for the application. If Microsoft is the application
developer, this agreement does not change the terms of your relationship
with Microsoft with regard to Windows, including the Windows Store.


8. APPLICABLE LAW.


     a. United States. If you acquired the application in the United States,
     Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and
     applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws
     principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other
     claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair
     competition laws, and in tort.


     b. Outside the United States. If you acquired the application in any
     other country, the laws of that country apply.


9. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may
have other rights under the laws of your state or country. This agreement
does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the
laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so.


10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, (A) THE
APPLICATION IS LICENSED "AS-IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND
YOU BEAR ALL RISK OF USING IT; (B) THE APPLICATION DEVELOPER, ON BEHALF OF
ITSELF, MICROSOFT (IF MICROSOFT IS NOT THE APPLICATION DEVELOPER), AND EACH
OF OUR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, VENDORS, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS, GIVES NO
EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS IN RELATION TO THE
APPLICATION; (C) YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL
LAWS THAT THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE. APPLICATION DEVELOPER AND MICROSOFT
EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, INCLUDING THOSE OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.


11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES.


TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU CAN RECOVER FROM THE APPLICATION
DEVELOPER ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE APPLICATION
OR $1.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. YOU WILL NOT, AND WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO, SEEK
TO RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS,
SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES FROM THE APPLICATION DEVELOPER.


This limitation applies to


    • anything related to the application or services made available through
      the application; and


    • claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or
      condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent
      permitted by applicable law.


It also applies even if


    • repair, replacement or a refund for the application does not fully
      compensate you for any losses; or


    • application developer knew or should have known about the possibility
      of the damages.


Revision history

|Date   |Versi|Summary of changes                   |Links to     |
|       |on   |                                     |document     |
|March  |4.6  |Synchronized version numbers between |             |
|20,    |     |App Developer Agreement and          |             |
|2013   |     |Certification Requirements           |             |
|Decembe|4.5  |Section 1 UPDATED—includes statement |Version 4.5  |
|r 12,  |     |about abusing the Store service.     |App Developer|
|2012   |     |                                     |Agreement    |
|October|4.0  |Section 2k REMOVED                   |Version 4.0  |
|19,    |     |Section 3c UPDATED—includes how to   |App Developer|
|2012   |     |unpublish an app                     |Agreement    |
|       |     |Section 4b REVISED—includes          |             |
|       |     |information on what information you  |             |
|       |     |need to disclose                     |             |
|       |     |Installation and Use Rights,         |             |
|       |     |Expiration REVISED—removed references|             |
|       |     |to pre-release versions of Windows 8.|             |
|       |     |Disclaimer of Warranty               |             |
|       |     |REVISED—updated for clarification    |             |
|July 9,|3.0  |Synchronized version numbers between |Version 3.0  |
|2012   |     |App Developer Agreement and          |App Developer|
|       |     |Certification Requirements           |Agreement    |
|       |     |Section 1 REVISED—account fee may be |             |
|       |     |required to submit apps              |             |
|       |     |Section 3a REVISED—includes          |             |
|       |     |information on preinstallable apps   |             |
|       |     |for OEMs                             |             |
|       |     |Section 3i ADDED—information on      |             |
|       |     |license to Microsoft Mark            |             |
|       |     |Section 4e REVISED—added             |             |
|       |     |clarifications for in-app commerce   |             |
|       |     |Section 5 REVISED—expanded to reflect|             |
|       |     |capability to charge for apps        |             |
|       |     |Section 9c REVISED—Updated           |             |
|       |     |information to include tax authority,|             |
|       |     |nonpayments, and other payment       |             |
|       |     |details                              |             |
|May 7, |1.1  |Updated ADA for Release Preview      |Version 2.0  |
|2012   |ADA  |                                     |App Developer|
|       |     |                                     |Agreement    |


Build date: 6/21/2013

