

                         Musician Waiver and Release


I, the undersigned (“Musician”), hereby acknowledge and consent to
providing [MUSICAL PERFORMANCE] (the “Performance”), to the recording of
songs and music projects being produced, performed and recorded
by [RECORDING COMPANY] (“Company”), at[STUDIO] (the “Studio”) on or
about [DATE].


Further, I do hereby grant permission to Company and any affiliate of
Company to use the Performance and any images of Musician as part of any
song or music project at its sole and complete discretion. Such use
includes, without limitation, any and all recordings and formats now or in
the future of the Performance, the display, distribution, publication,
transmission, or otherwise use of recordings, photographs, images, and/or
video recorded or taken of Musician and/or including Musician during the
Performance for use in materials that include, but may not be limited to,
music recordings of all kind, nature and format now or in the future,
printed materials such as record labels, marketing material, brochures,
news releases and newsletters, videos, and digital images such as those for
use with the release of such music to the public in any and all formats or
on the Company website or incorporated into any and all songs at the sole
and absolute discretion of Company and in any and all media, and
incorporated by Company in any and all other media whatsoever.


In addition, I hereby waive any and all rights with respect to, the
Performance and any and all music, recordings, vocals, photographs,
reproductions, copies, transmissions, broadcasts, telecasts and webcasts
(by any and all means in any and all media now or in the future) of any and
all audio, visual and audio-visual aspects and elements of all or any
portion of the recorded Performance at the Studio for Company; and the
sound, voice, photograph, likeness, activities and performances of Musician
in connection with the Performance (including promotional activities and so-
called “behind-the-scenes" and "making-of” audio and audio-visual
recordings).


I also know, understand, and appreciate the risks that are inherent with
the above acknowledgements, representations and warranties. I hereby assert
that my execution of this consent and release is voluntary and that I
knowingly assume all such risks on behalf of myself.


I understand that by agreeing to this clause I am releasing claims and
giving up substantial rights, including my right to sue for any reason
whatsoever.


Lastly, I also hereby indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Company, and
their licensees against any and all legal claims and proceedings of any
description that may have been asserted in the past, or may be asserted in
the future, directly or indirectly, arising from my participation in the
Performance and the rights related to recording of the Performance.


 

