

                       MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


This Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement (Agreement) is entered into effective
[DATE] (the Effective Date) between:


[CLIENT NAME], a [STATE] [FORM OF BUSINESS ENTITY] with its main office at
[ADDRESS], and [COMPANY NAME] (Company), a [STATE] [FORM OF BUSINESS
ENTITY] with its main office at [ADDRESS]. [CLIENTNAME] and Company are
referred to each as a Party and collectively as the Parties.


1. INTRODUCTION


[CLIENTNAME] and Company wish to enter intocertain business discussions.
These discussions may require the Parties to receive one
another’s Confidential Information. The Parties enter into this Agreement
to protect that Confidential Information.


2. DEFINITIONS


Confidential Documentation means a document or other item that contains
Confidential Information. 


Confidential Information means any nonpublic information of or about a
Party that (a) is marked “confidential” or “proprietary” when disclosed
in written or other visible form, or is identified as confidential or
proprietary at the time of oral disclosure, and (b) is received by the
other Party.


Discloser means a Party whose Confidential Information is received by the
other Party.


Recipient means a Party that receives the other Party’s Confidential
Information.


3. RECIPIENT’S OBLIGATIONS AND EXCEPTIONS TO OBLIGATIONS


3.1 Recipient will maintain Confidential Information in confidence by
taking such measures as it takes to protect its own Confidential
Information of like kind, and in any event a reasonable level of
care. Recipient will not disclose Confidential Information to any third
party without express written authorization from Discloser, except that
Recipient may disclose Confidential Information (a) to employees having a
need to know the Confidential Information and (b) to contractors that have
agreed in writing to the obligations of Recipient under this Agreement.


3.2 Recipient will use Confidential Information solely to further
Recipient’s business relationship with Discloser.


3.3 Recipient will return Confidential Information and Confidential
Documentation, and all copies thereof in Recipient’s possession,
to Discloser upon demand.


3.4 The obligations set forth in Sections 3.1 through 3.3 will not apply
if, but only to the extent that, Confidential Information is (a) already in
Recipient’s possession without obligation of confidentiality, (b) obtained
from a third party without obligation of confidentiality, (c) independently
developed by Recipient, or (d) required to be disclosed by applicable law
or governmental order, in which case Recipient will, as promptly
as possible and before making the disclosure, notify Discloser of its
intention to make the disclosure. The obligations set forth in Sections 3.1
through 3.3 will expire with respect to each item of
Confidential Information and Confidential Documentation five years after
the applicable Confidential Information is disclosed.


3.5 Nothing in this Agreement grants either Party any license or right to
the other Party’s patents, copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual
property.


4. GENERAL


4.1 Discloser warrants that it has the right to disclose its Confidential
Information to Recipient. Discloser will indemnify and hold Recipient
harmless against all claims, damages and expenses, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from breach of the warranty set forth
in the preceding sentence.


OTHERWISE, DISCLOSER PROVIDES ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND CONFIDENTIAL
DOCUMENTATION AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. DISCLOSER MAKES NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.


4.2 Nothing in this Agreement (a) restricts the right of a Party to
develop, procure or market products or services which may be competitive
with those offered by the other Party so long as there is no unauthorized
use of the Confidential Information of the other Party, (b) obligates a
Party to obtain any products or services from the other Party, (c) prevents
a Party from entering into similar agreements with other companies
or individuals, or (d) obligates either Party to disclose any information
to the other Party.


4.3 This Agreement does not create any agency or partnership relationship.


4.4 This Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with and governed by
the laws of the State of [CALIFORNIA], excluding its conflict of laws
provisions. The Parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of state and
federal courts in the City and County of [SAN FRANCISCO], [CALIFORNIA] and
expressly waive any objection or defense based upon lack of personal
jurisdiction or venue in connection with any dispute arising out of
or relating to this Agreement or its breach.


4.5 This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the Parties
regarding its subject matter. Any additions or modifications to this
Agreement must be made in writing and must be signed by an authorized
representative of each Party.


4.6 A waiver of any provision of this Agreement must be in writing and must
be signed by an authorized representative the Party waiving that provision.
Any waiver of or failure to enforce any provision will not preclude
either Party from enforcing that or any other provision of this Agreement
thereafter.


4.7 The Parties acknowledge that a breach of this Agreement may give rise
to irreparable injury for which damages are not adequate compensation.
Accordingly, Discloser may seek, without obligation to post any
bond, injunctive relief against a breach or threatened breach of this
Agreement in addition to any other remedies that Discloser may have.


4.8 If a suit, action, or other proceeding is instituted in connection with
any controversy arising out of or related to this Agreement, the prevailing
party will be entitled to an award of reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.


4.9 If a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction holds that any
of the provisions of this Agreement are illegal, invalid, or unenforceable,
those provisions will be limited or eliminated to the minimum
extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force
and effect.


4.10 The Parties may execute this Agreement in one or more original or
facsimile counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all
of which together will constitute a single agreement. The Parties have read
this Agreement, understand it, and agree to it. By signing below, each
individual warrants that he or she has full power and authority to bind his
or her Party to this Agreement.


[CLIENT NAME]                                                             
      [COMPANY NAME]  (Company)


Signature:                                                                
                   Signature:


Name:                                                                      
                     Name:


Title:                                                                    
                          Title:


Date:                                                                      
                        Date:


 


This is a sample agreement provided by Dana H. Shultz, Attorney at Law (510
5470545, dana@danashultz.com). It is not intended as, and should not be
considered, legal advice. The author does not warrant that it is suitable
for any company or transaction. If you need advice regarding a
nondisclosure agreement or any other legal matter, please contact an
attorney directly.

