
This Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement (the “Agreement”), dated as of
[DATE] is between [YOUR COMPANY], a Delaware corporation (“[YOUR
COMPANY]”), and [COUNTERPARTY], a [STATE OF INCORPORATION] corporation
(“Company”). To explore the possibility of a business relationship between
[YOUR COMPANY] and Company, each party (“Discloser”) may disclose sensitive
information to the other (“Recipient”). The parties agree as follows:


1. Definition.  The term “Proprietary Information” means, to the extent
previously, presently or subsequently disclosed by or for Discloser to
Recipient, all financial, business, legal and technical information of
Discloser or any of its affiliates, suppliers, customers and employees
(including information about research, development, operations, marketing,
transactions, regulatory affairs, discoveries, inventions, methods,
processes, articles, materials, algorithms, software, specifications,
designs, drawings, data, strategies, plans, prospects, know-how and ideas,
whether tangible or intangible, and including all copies, abstracts,
summaries, analyses and other derivatives thereof), that is marked or
otherwise identified as proprietary or confidential at the time of
disclosure, or that by its nature would be understood by a reasonable
person to be proprietary or confidential. Proprietary Information shall not
include any information that (a) was rightfully known to Recipient without
restriction before receipt from Discloser, (b) is rightfully disclosed to
Recipient without restriction by a third party, (c) is or becomes generally
known to the public without violation of this Agreement by Recipient or
(d) is independently developed by Recipient or its employees without access
to or reliance on such information. Discloser represents and warrants to
Recipient that it is authorized to disclose any and all Proprietary
Information made available to Recipient under this Agreement.


2. Restrictions.  As to the other party’s Proprietary Information,
Recipient agrees (a) to use the Proprietary Information only for its
consideration internally of a business relationship or transaction between
the parties, and its performance in any resulting arrangement, but not for
any other purpose, (b) to maintain the Proprietary Information as
confidential, and exercise reasonable precautions to prevent any
unauthorized access, use or disclosure, (c) not to copy the Proprietary
Information, (d) not to disclose the Proprietary Information to any third
party other than Recipient’s employees and agents who have a need to know
for the permitted purpose and who are apprised of the confidential nature
of the Proprietary Information and all of the restrictions in this
Agreement, (e) not to decompile, disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer
any Proprietary Information, or use any similar means to discover its
underlying composition, structure, source code or trade secrets and (f) not
to export or re-export any Proprietary Information or product thereof in
violation of U.S. or other export control laws or regulations. The terms
and conditions of any transaction or possible transaction between the
parties, the fact that disclosures, evaluations or discussions are taking
place, and the status and results thereof will also be held in confidence
by both parties and not disclosed to any third party. Each party shall be
responsible for any breach of its confidentiality obligations by its
respective employees and agents.


3. Compelled Disclosures.  These restrictions will not prevent either party
from complying with any law, regulation, court order or other legal
requirement that purports to compel disclosure of any Proprietary
Information. Recipient will promptly notify Discloser upon learning of any
such legal requirement, and cooperate with Discloser in the exercise of its
right to protect the confidentiality of the Proprietary Information before
any tribunal or governmental agency.


4. No Warranties or Licenses.  All Proprietary Information is provided “AS
IS.” Discloser will not be liable to Recipient for damages arising from any
use of the Proprietary Information, from errors, omissions or otherwise.
All of Discloser’s rights in and to its Proprietary Information remain the
exclusive property of Discloser. Neither this Agreement, nor any disclosure
of Proprietary Information hereunder (a) grants to Recipient any right or
license under any copyright, patent, mask work, trade secret or other
intellectual property right, except solely for the use expressly permitted
herein, (b) obligates either party to disclose or receive any information,
perform any work or enter into any agreement, (c) limits either party from
developing, manufacturing or marketing products or services that may be
competitive with those of the other except insofar as this Agreement limits
the use and disclosure of Proprietary Information, (d) limits either party
from assigning or reassigning its employees in any way or (e) limits either
party from entering into any business relationship with third parties.


5. Termination.  This Agreement will terminate as to the further exchange
of Proprietary Information immediately upon the earlier of (a) receipt by
one party of written notice from the other and (b) the first anniversary of
this Agreement. The confidentiality obligations of this Agreement, as they
apply to any Proprietary Information disclosed prior to termination, will
survive termination for a period of 5 years; provided, Recipient’s
obligations hereunder shall survive and continue in effect thereafter with
respect to any Proprietary Information that is a trade secret under
applicable law. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, or upon
Discloser’s request at any time, Recipient shall promptly return to
Discloser all originals and copies of any Proprietary Information and
destroy all information, records and materials developed therefrom.


6. Remedies.  Due to the unique nature of the Proprietary Information, the
parties agree that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement will
cause not only financial harm to Discloser, but also irreparable harm for
which money damages will not be an adequate remedy. Therefore, Discloser
shall be entitled, in addition to any other legal or equitable remedies, to
an injunction or similar equitable relief against any such breach or
threatened breach without the necessity of posting any bond.


7. General.  This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and
supersedes all prior negotiations, understandings or agreements (oral or
written), between the parties concerning the subject matter hereof. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which is an
original, but taken together constituting one and the same instrument.
Execution of a facsimile copy shall have the same force and effect as
execution of an original, and a facsimile signature shall be deemed an
original and valid signature. No change, consent or waiver to this
Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by the party
against which enforcement is sought. The failure of either party to enforce
its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall not be
construed as a waiver of such rights. Unless expressly provided otherwise,
each right and remedy in this Agreement is in addition to any other right
or remedy, at law or in equity, and the exercise of one right or remedy
will not be deemed a waiver of any other right or remedy. In the event that
any provision of this Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or
unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum
extent necessary so that the Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force
and effect and enforceable. This Agreement shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, USA without
regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Exclusive jurisdiction
and venue for any action arising under this Agreement is in the federal and
state courts having jurisdiction over [YOUR COMPANY] ’s principal office,
and both parties hereby consent to such jurisdiction and venue for this
purpose. In any action or proceeding to enforce or interpret this
Agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover from the other
party its costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
incurred in connection with such action or proceeding and enforcing any
judgment or order obtained. Any notice hereunder will be effective upon
receipt and shall be given in writing, in English and delivered to the
other party at its address given herein or at such other address designated
by written notice.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as a
sealed instrument, effective as of the date and year first written above.

