
This Agreement is made as of [DATE], by [SENDER BUSINESS LEGAL NAME],
located at [SENDER ADDRESS], and [RECIPIENT BUSINESS LEGAL NAME], located
at [RECIPIENT ADDRESS].


It is understood and agreed that both parties may provide certain
information that is and must be kept confidential. To ensure the protection
of such information it is agreed that:


1. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean
any and all non-public information, including, without limitation, business
information relating to proprietary ideas and inventions, trade secrets,
existing and/or contemplated products and services, research and
development, existing and potential customers, clients, marketing, and
current or future business plans and models.


2. Both parties agree not to disclose the Confidential Information obtained
from the discloser to anyone unless required to do so by law.


3. This agreement is to remain in effect for two (2) years from signing or
until mutually cancelled. Confidentiality obligations survive any
expiration or termination of this agreement.


4. This Agreement states the entire agreement between the parties
concerning the disclosure of Confidential Information. Any addition,
modification, or transfer of this Agreement must be made in writing and
signed by both parties.


5. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the
United States of America and by the laws of the State of California.


6. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are found to be
unenforceable, the remainder shall be enforced as fully as possible and the
unenforceable provision(s) shall be deemed modified to the limited extent
required to permit enforcement of the Agreement as a whole.


Both parties acknowledge that they have the power and ability to enter this
Agreement, have read and understand this Agreement, and voluntarily accept
the duties and obligations set forth herein.

