
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as [DATE] (“Effective Date”), by
and between Barry Boen (or "Boen”) andFIRST NAME[LAST NAME](or"[LAST
NAME]”) (collectively, “the Parties”).


The purpose of agreement is is enable the free exchange of information
between the Parties during discussions to evaluate possible future business
arrangements between the Parties. In furtherance of this purpose:


Boen promises to disclose confidential information of silent right inc to
[LAST NAME]. The confidential information may include, non-public
information about proprietary software, business techniques, plans,
standards for operation and procedures, software in development, hardware
schematics, and other aspects of business regarding silent right inc. Boen
promises to not disclose or use without just compensation any unique or
novel solution or idea not already contemplated by Boen that [LAST NAME]
proposes or suggests during these discussions.


[LAST NAME]promises to keep the confidential information disclosed by Boen
in strict confidence, and use it solely for the Purpose evaluate future
business with Boen and silent right inc. [LAST NAME]promises not to use any
confidential information disclosed solely for his own personal gain to the
detriment of Boen.


The Parties agree that in the event either party breaches this agreement by
disclosing the confidential information exchanged during discussions to a
third-party or using the confidential information for individual financial
gain, without additional signed agreement, the non-breaching party shall
have a cause of action for monetary damages. The breaching party shall be
liable for damages incurred by non-breaching party as allowed by the laws
of the State of California, in a court of competent jurisdiction for the
action.


The Parties agree that their signature below will be signed on
www.docracy.com,


Signed,


Barry Boen, individually and as owner of silent right inc.,
via www. docracy.com in Los Angeles, California on [DATE]


AND


[FIRST NAME][LAST NAME]
via www.docracy.com in [CITY STATE] on[DATE]

