
                INDEPENDENT DEVELOPER OR CONTRACTOR AGREEMENT


This Independent Contractor Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as of
[CONTRACT DATE] between [COMPANY] with its principal place of business
located at [COMPANY ADDRESS] (the "Company") and [CONTRACTOR], located at
[CONTRACTOR ADDRESS] (the "Contractor").


WHEREAS, Company requests Contractor to perform services for it and may
request Contractor to perform other services in the future; and


WHEREAS, the Company and Contractor desire to enter into an agreement,
which will define respective rights and duties as to all services to be
performed;


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of covenants and agreements contained
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:


1. Services


Effective [START DATE] Company shall retain Contractor and Contractor shall
provide Company with services (the "Services"), which shall include and be
limited to:


[PROVISIONING OF NETSUITE INSTANCE TO SATISFY BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS OF THE
COMPANY, INCLUDING AND LIMITED TO: (A) GENERATION AND DOCUMENTATION OF
BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS; (B) CONFIGURATION OF NETSUITE INSTANCE TO SATISFY
BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMPANY; (C) INTEGRATION OF NETSUITE ERP WITH
EXISTING SOFTWARE USED BY THE COMPANY, INCLUDING AND LIMITED TO: (I)
GENERATION AND DOCUMENTATION OF SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS AND EXECUTION
STRATEGIES, (II) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT THAT EXTENDS THE FUNCTIONALITY OF
SOFTWARE USED BY THE COMPANY, (III) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT THAT EXTENDS THE
FUNCTIONALITY OF THE NETSUITE INSTANCE, (IV) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT THAT
MOVES DATA BETWEEN SOFTWARE USED BY THE COMPANY AND THE NETSUITE INSTANCE.]


2. Changes


(a) Change Orders. The Company, without invalidating this Agreement, may
order changes in the work within the general scope of the Agreement
consisting of additions, deletions, or other revisions.


(b) Adjustments to Compensation. In the event that any such changes
materially impact the cost to the Contractor of performing the Services or
the time required for such performance, the parties shall negotiate in good
faith a reasonable and equitable adjustment in the applicable Fees and
schedule, as applicable.


3. Compensation


(a) Hourly Amount. The work performed by Contractor shall be performed at
the rate set forth below, and not exceed the total estimated amount
specified below:


Hourly fee: $[HOURLY RATE]


Total estimated amount: $[FEE CAP]


(b) Payment. Invoices shall be issued to Company by Contractor every
[INVOICE PERIOD] days during performance of the Work, and payment shall be
due [PAYMENT TERMS] business days after receipt of invoices.


(c) Taxes. Company shall not be responsible for federal, state and local
taxes derived from the Contractor's net income or for the withholding
and/or payment of any federal, state and local income and other payroll
taxes, workers' compensation, disability benefits or other legal
requirements applicable to Contractor.


4. Expenses


(a) Payment. A Company shall reimburse Contractor for all pre-approved,
reasonable and necessary expenses, including, without limitation, domestic
and foreign travel, lodging and meal expenses incurred in connection with
the Services.


(b) Substantiation. The Contractor shall provide Company with documentation
supporting all expenses


5. Independent Contractor Status


(a) Status. Contractor is an independent contractor of Company. Nothing
contained in this Agreement shall be construed to create the relationship
of employer and employee, principal and agent, partnership or joint
venture, or any other fiduciary relationship.


(b) No Authority. Contractor shall have no authority to act as agent for,
or on behalf of, Company, or to represent Company, or bind Company in any
manner.


(c) No Employee Benefits. Contractor shall not be entitled to worker's
compensation, retirement, insurance or other benefits afforded to employees
of Company.


6. Representations and Warranties. The Company and the Contractor
respectively represents and warrants to each other that each respectively
is fully authorized and empowered to enter into the Agreement and that
their entering into the Agreement and to each parties' knowledge the
performance of their respective obligations under the Agreement will not
violate any agreement between the Company or the Contractor respectively
and any other person, firm or organization or any law or governmental
regulation.


7. Confidential Information


Contractor and its employees shall not, during the time of rendering
services to the Company or thereafter, disclose to anyone other than
authorized employees of the Company (or persons designated by such duly
authorized employees of the Company) or use for the benefit of Contractor
and its employees or for any entity other than the Company, any information
of a confidential nature, including but not limited to, information
relating to: any such materials or intellectual property; any of the
Company projects or programs; the technical, commercial or any other
affairs of the Company; or, any confidential information which the Company
has received from a third party.


8. Intellectual Property


(a) Work Product. During the course of performing the Services, Contractor
and its directors, officers, employees, or other representatives may,
independently or in conjunction with Company, develop information, produce
work product, or achieve other results for Company in connection with the
Services it performs for Company.


(b) Ownership. Contractor agrees that such information, work product, and
other results, systems and information developed by Contractor and/or
Company in connection with such Services (hereinafter referred to
collectively as the "Work Product") shall, to the extent permitted by law,
be a "work made for hire" within the definition of Section 101 of the
Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. 101), and shall remain the sole and exclusive
property of Company.


(c) Assignment of Interest. To the extent any Work Product is not deemed to
be a work made for hire within the definition of the Copyright Act,
Contractor with effect from creation of any and all Work Product, hereby
assigns, and agrees to assign, to Company all right, title and interest in
and to such Work Product, including but not limited to copyright, all
rights subsumed thereunder, and all other intellectual property rights,
including all extensions and renewals thereof.


(d) Moral Rights. Contractor also agrees to waive any and all moral rights
relating to the Work Product, including but not limited to, any and all
rights of identification of authorship and any and all rights of approval,
restriction or limitation on use, and subsequent modifications.


(e) Assistance. Contractor further agrees to provide all assistance
reasonably requested by Company, both during and subsequent to the Term of
this Agreement, in the establishment, preservation and enforcement of
Company's rights in the Work Product.


(f) Return of Property. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Contractor
agrees to deliver promptly to Company all printed, electronic, audio-
visual, and other tangible manifestations of the Work Product, including
all originals and copies thereof.


9. Non-Solicitation.


During the term of this Agreement and for [1 YEAR] after any termination of
this Agreement, Contractor will not, without the prior written consent of
the Company, either directly or indirectly, on Contractor 's own behalf or
in the service or on behalf of others, solicit or attempt to solicit,
divert or hire away any person employed by the Company, or any customer of
the Company.


10. Term


This Agreement shall commence on the date and year first above written and
shall continue for a period of [6 MONTHS] unless earlier terminated in
accordance with this Agreement.


11. Termination


(a) Notice of Termination. This Agreement may be terminated by either the
Company or the Contractor at any time for any reason, with or without
cause, by giving [30] days from written notice of termination.


(b) Payment Upon Termination. The Company will pay Contractor for all
Services performed by Contractor through the date of termination.


12. Indemnification


(a) Indemnification by Contractor. Contractor agrees to indemnify and hold
harmless Company and its officers, directors, employees and agents, from
and against all claims, liabilities, losses, costs, damages, judgments,
penalties, fines, attorneys' fees, court costs and other legal expenses,
insurance deductibles and all other expenses arising out of or relating to,
directly or indirectly, from:


(i) the negligent, grossly negligent, or intentional act or omission of
Contractor or its directors, officers, employees, agents or Contractors,


(ii) Contractor's failure to perform any of its obligations under this
Agreement, and


(iii) any act or omission of Contractor in connection with the Work.


(b) Notification. Company will promptly notify Contractor of any claim for
indemnification.


(c) Survival. Contractor's obligations under this Section 10 shall survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement.


13. General Provisions


(a) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties, and supersedes all prior agreements, representations
and understandings of the parties, written or oral.


(b) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which, taken together,
shall constitute one and the same agreement.


(c) Amendment. This Agreement may be amended only by written agreement of
the parties.


(d) Notices. All notices permitted or required under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be delivered in person or mailed by first class,
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address of the party
specified in this Agreement or such other address as either party may
specify in writing. Such notice shall be deemed to have been given upon
receipt.


(e) Assignment. This Agreement shall not be assigned by either party
without the consent of the other party.


(f) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of [NEW YORK], without regard to its
conflict of laws rules.


(g) No Waiver of Rights. A failure or delay in exercising any right, power
or privilege in respect of this Agreement will not be presumed to operate
as a waiver, and a single or partial exercise of any right, power or
privilege will not be presumed to preclude any subsequent or further
exercise, of that right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company and the Contractor have each executed and
delivered this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

