
I grant to Photographer ("Photographer") and [PUBLICATION] ("Publication")
the worldwide absolute and irrevocable rights and unrestricted permissions
in perpetuity concerning any photographs that he/she has taken or may take
of me or in which I may be included with others, to use, reuse, publish,
and republish the photographs in whole or in part, individually or in
connection with other material, in any and all media now or hereafter
known, including the internet, and for any purpose whatsoever, specifically
including illustration, promotion, art, editorial, advertising, and trade,
without restriction as to alteration; and to use my name in connection with
any use if he/she so chooses.


I understand I will not now or at any point in the future receive payment
or consideration for the use of my image including if said image is used in
advertising or commercial purposes.


I release and discharge Photographer and Publication from any and all
claims and demands that may arise out of or in connection with the use of
the photographs, including without limitation any and all claims for libel
or violation of any right of publicity or privacy. The Photographer and
Publication will own sole copyrights to the images.


This authorization and release shall also inure to the benefit of the
heirs, legal representatives, licensees, and assigns of Photographer and
Publication, as well as the person(s) for whom he/she took the photographs
and wherever the photographs may appear in the future.


I am a legally competent adult and have the right to contract in my own
name. I have read this document and fully understand its contents.


This release shall be binding upon me and my heirs, legal representatives,
and assigns.


[FIRST AND LAST NAME]


[DATE OF BIRTH]


[TODAY'S DATE]


Street Address


City, State, Zip

