
THIS NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT (this "Agreement") is made as of [EFFECTIVE
DATE] (the "Effective Date") by and between [COMPANY FULL NAME], with its
principal place of business at [COMPANY ADDRESS] ("[COMPANY NAME]") and
[PARTY FULL NAME], with its principal place of [PARTY BUSINESS OR
RESIDENCE] at [PARTY ADDRESS] ("[PARTY NAME]"), (sometimes collectively
referred to as the "Parties").


1. Definitions


1.1 Restricted Business. The "Restricted Business" shall mean any activity
that relates to [RESTRICTED BUSINESS].


1.2 Restricted Territory. The "Restricted Territory" shall mean [RESTRICTED
TERRITORY].


1.3 Restricted Period. The "Restricted Period" shall mean the period
starting on the [START DATE] and ending [RESTRICTED TERM] after such date.


2. Consideration. [PARTY NAME] expressly acknowledges that the covenants of
this Agreement are supported by good and adequate consideration.


3. Non-Competition


3.1 Restrictions. During the Restricted Period and within the Restricted
Territory, [PARTY NAME] shall not, directly or indirectly, without the
prior written consent of [COMPANY NAME], own, manage, operate, join,
control, finance or participate in the ownership, management, operation,
control or financing of, or be connected as an officer, director, employee,
partner, principal, agent, representative, or consultant of any entity
engaged in the Restricted Business.


3.2 Exceptions. It is not a breach of this Agreement for [PARTY NAME] to
participate as a passive investor holding up to [PASSIVE INVESTMENT
PERCENT] of the equity securities of an entity engaged in the
RestrictedBusiness[, which securities are publicly traded].


4. Non-Solicitation. [PARTY NAME] shall not directly or indirectly induce
or attempt to induce any of the employees of [COMPANY NAME] to leave the
employ of [COMPANY NAME], or solicit the business of any client, customer,
[or any consultant] of [COMPANY NAME].


5. Non-Disclosure


5.1 Confidential Information. "Confidential Information" shall include all
[non-public] [business-related] information, written or oral, disclosed or
made available to [PARTY NAME], [directly or indirectly,] through any means
of communication [or observation] by [[COMPANY] [or any of its affiliates
or representatives] to [or for the benefit of] [PARTY NAME].


5.2 Confidentiality. [PARTY NAME] agrees to hold the Confidential
Information in strict confidence.


5.3 Non-Disclosure. [PARTY NAME] shall not (i) disclose any Confidential
Information to any person[, except in the performance of [PARTY NAME]'s
obligations under the [Employment/Purchase] Agreement] or (ii) use any
Confidential Information for the benefit of any person other than [COMPANY
NAME].


5.4 Return of Property. At [COMPANY NAME]'s request, all Confidential
Information in the possession of the [PARTY NAME] shall be [promptly |
immediately] returnedto[COMPANY NAME] or destroyed.


6. Acknowledgements. [PARTY NAME] acknowledges that the restrictions,
prohibitions and other provisions of this Agreement, including the
Restricted Area and Restricted Period, are reasonable, fair and equitable
in scope, terms and duration, are necessary to protect the legitimate
business interests of [COMPANY NAME], and are a material inducement to
[COMPANY NAME] to enter into this Agreement.


7. Representations and Warranties


7.1 Authority. [PARTY NAME][Each party] warrants that it has the authority
to enter into this Agreement for itself and its corporate affiliates and
subsidiaries.


7.2 No Conflict. [PARTY NAME][Each party] that the execution and delivery
of this Non-Competition Agreement nor the performance of this Non-
Competition Agreement will result directly or indirectly in a violation or
breach of: (i) any agreement or obligation [PARTY NAME] [each party] is or
may be bound; or (ii) any law, rule or regulation.


8. Remedies. Any [INJUNCTIVE STANDARD] of this Agreement may result in
irreparable damage to [COMPANY] for which [COMPANY] will not have an
adequate remedy at law. Accordingly, in addition to any other remedies and
damages available, [PARTY NAME] acknowledges and agrees that [COMPANY] may
immediately seek enforcement of this Agreement by means of specific
performance or injunction, without any requirement to post a bond or other
security.


9. General Provisions


9.1 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement among
the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes
all prior agreements and understandings, oral and written, between the
parties with respect to such subject matter.


9.2 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which
together will constitute one and the same instrument.


9.3 Further Assurances. The parties shall execute and/or cause to be
delivered to each other such instruments and other documents, and shall
take such other actions, as each party may reasonably request at any time
for the purpose of carryingour or evidencing any of the provisions of this
Agreement.


9.4 Amendments. This Agreement may not be modified, amended, altered or
supplemented except by the execution and delivery of a written agreement
executed by the parties hereto.


9.5 Waiver. The waiver of a breach of any provision of this Non-Competition
Agreement shall not operate as or be construed as a waiver of any
subsequent breach of this Non-Competition Agreement.


9.6 Notices. All notices, demands, requests or other communications given
under this Agreement shall be in writing and be given by personal delivery,
certified mail, return receipt requested, or nationally recognized
overnight courier service to the address set forth below or as may
subsequently in writing be requested.


If to [COMPANY FULL NAME]:


[COMPANY ADDRESS]


Attention: [COMPANY CONTACT NAME]


If to [PARTY NAME]:


[PARTY ADDRESS]


Attention: [PARTY CONTACT NAME]


9.7 Assignment. Neither Party may delegate its obligations or assign its
rights to another person or entity without the prior written consent of the
other Party.


9.8 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of [GOVERNING LAW STATE].


9.9 Consent to Jurisdiction. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits
to the exclusive venue in state or federal court in [VENUE ]for the
purposes of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to
this Agreement, and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert in any such
suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to
the jurisdiction of such court, that the suit, action or proceeding is
brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of the suit, action or
proceeding is improper.


9.10 Waiver of Jury Trial.Each party irrevocably and unconditionally
waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all
right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating
to this agreement, any other related document or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby


9.11 Severability. If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement, or
any part of any provision, is held invalid, such invalidity shall not
affect any other provision of this Agreement or any part of such provision
not held so invalid, and each such other provision and part thereof shall
to the full extent consistent with law continue in full force and effect.


9.12 Attorney Fees. If any party to this Agreement brings an action to
enforce its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be
entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including without limitation,
reasonableattorneys fees, incurred in connection with such action,
including any appeal of such action.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have each executed and delivered this
Agreement as of the Effective Date.


[COMPANY FULL NAME]


By:


(Name)


(Title)


(Date)


[PARTY FULL NAME]


(Name)


(Title)


(Date)

