
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS], and [ENTER THE
NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE], agree:


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS] may from time to
time disclose to [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE] certain
confidential information or trade secrets generally regarding [ENTER THE
GENERAL AREA OF DISCLOSURES].


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE] agrees that it shall not
disclose the information so conveyed, unless in conformity with this
agreement. [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE] shall limit
disclosure to the officers and employees of [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY
RECEIVING DISCLOSURE] with a reasonable "need to know" the information, and
shall protect the same from disclosure with reasonable diligence.


As to all information which [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE
SECRETS] claims is confidential, [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE
TRADE SECRETS] shall reduce the same to writing prior to disclosure and
shall conspicuously mark the same as "confidential," "not to be disclosed"
or with other clear indication of its status. If the information which
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS] is disclosing is
not in written form, for example, a machine or device, [ENTER THE NAME OF
THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS] shall be required prior to or at the
same time that the disclosure is made to provide written notice of the
secrecy claimed by [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS].
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE] agrees upon reasonable
notice to return the confidential tangible material provided by it by
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS] upon reasonable
request.


The obligation of non-disclosure shall terminate when if any of the
following occurs:


(a) The confidential information becomes known to the public without the
fault of [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE], or;


(b) The information is disclosed publicly by [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY
TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS], or ;


(c) a period of [ENTER MAXIMUM LENGTH OF NON-DISCLOSURE IN MONTHS] months
passes from the disclosure, or;


(d) the information loses its status as confidential through no fault of
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE].


In any event, the obligation of non-disclosure shall not apply to
information which was known to [ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING
DISCLOSURE] prior to the execution of this agreement.


[DATE]


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY TO DISCLOSE TRADE SECRETS]


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE PARTY RECEIVING DISCLOSURE]

