
This Agreement is made on [DATE] by and between [NAME OF DISCLOSING PARTY]
(the "Disclosing Party"), whose address is [ADDRESS OF DISCLOSING PARTY],
and [NAME OF RECEIVING PARTY] (the "Receiving Party") whose address is
[ADDRESS OF RECEIVING PARTY].

The parties hereby agree as follows:

In its sole discretion, the Disclosing Party will provide to the Receiving
Party certain confidential and proprietary information for the limited
purpose of allowing the Receiving Party to evaluate its interest in
[PURPOSE FOR SHARING CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION], in accordance with the
following terms and conditions:

1. Definition

For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean the
information received by the Receiving Party from the Disclosing Party which
is marked as "Confidential" and/or "Proprietary" or which would logically
be considered "Confidential" and/or "Proprietary" in view of its
relationship to the whole disclosure. Information furnished orally, in
written for, by electronic means, or by any other means which was
identified by the Disclosing Party as confidential and/or proprietary at
the time of disclosure, shall be treated by the Receiving Party as
Confidential Information.

2. Protection and Purpose

All "Confidential Information" shall be maintained in confidence by the
Receiving Party, and shall not be disclosed to any third party and shall be
protected with the same degree of care as the Receiving Party normally uses
in the protection of its own confidential and proprietary information, but
in no case with any less degree than reasonable care. The Receiving Party
shall not use any "Confidential Information" received from the Disclosing
Party except for the evaluation purposes set forth above.

3. Restrictions

The restrictions herein provided shall not apply with respect to
"Confidential Information" which:

        A. Is known by the Receiving Party at the time of receipt; or

        B. Is or becomes a part of the public domain without breach of this
        Agreement by the Receiving Party; or

        C. Is legitimately obtained by the Receiving Party without a
        commitment of confidentiality from a third party; or

        D. Is disclosed by the Disclosing Party to a third party without a
        commitment of confidentiality by the third party; or

        E. Is independently developed by the Receiving Party; or

        F. Is disclosed pursuant to judicial action or government
        regulations, provided the Receiving Party notifies the Disclosing
        Party prior to such disclosure and cooperates with the Disclosing
        Party in the event the Disclosing Party elects to legally contest
        and avoid such disclosure.

4. Rights and Licenses

This Agreement and the furnishing of "Confidential Information" as provided
herein shall not be construed as establishing, either expressly or by
implication, any grant of rights or licenses to the Receiving Party or any
relationship between the parties.

5. Ownership

All tangible information, including drawings, specifications and other
information submitted hereunder by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving
Party, shall remain the property of the Disclosing Party. If either party 
elects not to pursue any further business undertaking, the Receiving Party
shall promptly return to the Disclosing Party all tangible information, and
all copies thereof, related to "Confidential Information".

6. Export

The Receiving Party shall not export any Confidential Information without
written permission from the Disclosing Party. If the Disclosing Party is
permitted to export Confidential Information, the Disclosing Party shall 
comply with Australian Export Administration Laws and regulations (EAR) and
shall not export or re-export any technical data or products received from
the Disclosing Party or the direct product of such technical data to any
proscribed country listed in the "EAR" unless properly authorized by the
Australian government.

7. Termination

This Agreement is to be construed in accordance with the laws of the
Commonwealth of Australia and shall terminate five (5) years from the
effective date of this Agreement.


DISCLOSING PARTY NAME

Name:[NAME OF DISCLOSING PARTY]

Title: [TITLE OF DISCLOSING PARTY]


Date: [DATE]



RECEIVING PARTY NAME

Name: [NAME OF RECEIVING PARTY]

Title: [TITLE OF RECEIVING PARTY]


Date: [DATE]

