
I. Treatment


Sessions:


The child shall receive weekly, excepting vacations or illness,
psychotherapy for reducing concerning behaviors and increasing desirable
behaviors. A baseline of behavior will be established during intake by
parent or parents reporting observations.


Parents will continue to provide for the child's participation in therapy
for the duration without using the agreement as support for any other
negotiation (e.g. If you ___, I won't bring the child to therapy).


No parent may end therapy unilaterally. Termination conditions are set
forth below.


As much as possible the session time will be regular, as in on the same day
and at the same time each week.


As MANDATED, Boulder Child Protective Services will be notified in the
event a parent terminates treatment improperly. An attached relationship
develops with the therapist and sudden interruption of that relationship is
emotional abuse, for which reporting is mandated.


Parent Call:


Weekly "parent phone calls" will be arranged. The phone call is generally
30 minutes or less. The purpose of the phone call is for Andrew Rose, the
treating therapist, to answer questions and share information regarding the
child's participation in therapy, emerging themes, and to hear observations
from both parents (if possible) regarding behaviors.


These calls are optional on both Andrew Rose's part and the parents' part.
If a parent is unreliable in their reporting, uses the phone call to
disparage the other parent, coaches or coaxes Andrew Rose, or expands the
scope of the conversation beyond the behavior of the child or parent
coaching, calls will no longer be scheduled.


Parents are entitled to know what happens in treatment and may request such
information from Andrew Rose periodically (no more than once per session).


Mr. Rose is not a "conduit" through which to scare, denigrate, alienate, or
otherwise emotionally abuse the other parent.


Communication between parents is NOT NECESSARY for the course of treatment
and treatment will not be used to legitimize contact.


II. Payment


Due to the prevalence of financial disruption and entanglement in
conflicted separation, fee will be negotiated separately with each parent.


Neither parent has the right to know the fee of the other parent.


Generally alternate sessions will be paid for by alternating parents,
REGARDLESS of who is bringing the child. Andrew Rose will accept payment at
the time of service through check, PayPal (credit cards), or cash.


III. The treatment will not be ended prematurely nor extended beyond
necessity. Termination will be decided by the following factors:


a) The child's interest in treatment.


While resistance in early stages of treatment (before session 6) should be
challenged, resistance in the "empowerment" stage should not. As the child
is empowered to handle what was once overwhelming they will naturally be
less interested in treatment and more interested in peer-related or self-
directed activity. Their choice should be honored. For best outcomes,
neither parent will pressure the child in any way to either stay in
treatment or to terminate treatment. Parents will wait for the child to
initiate such discussions.


b) Mr. Rose's expertise.


The child's behavior in the play room essentially induces in the therapist
the difficulty the child has experienced. The treatment action is in the
experiencing and processing of the emotional experience by the therapist in
the field of the child. In time these "enactments" reduce as themes are
processed. The child's maintenance, for a majority of the session, of play
and relational styles that are chronologically age-appropriate is a marker
of completion.


c) Evidence of the elimination or significant reduction in concerning
behaviors.


The child's behavior will be observed by both parents for baseline
behaviors (e.g. duration of melt-downs, occasions of dissociation,
regressions, etc) and by Mr. Rose in the treatment suite. The child may
also be observed by teachers and other contacts. Parents will be asked to
sign disclosure agreements in the case of third party involvement.


Points of observation include both homes and school, and teacher input may
be requested.


If the child's school is recommending or requiring participation in
therapy, than this request by the school must be revisited before
termination. If the child's behavior is not acceptable to reasonable child
care professionals, more information will be sought and treatment will
continue.


d) Failure of treatment and limit on treatment duration.


Due to the ongoing situation of conflictual separated parents (that may
include disparagement, neglect, lying, parenting-by-proxy, exposure to
dysregulated moods, etc.) the child may continue to psychologically defend
from the pain of abandonment, rejection, neglect, confusion, and grief,
etc. to the point where play therapy is ineffective.


After 40 sessions, either parent may terminate.


IV. Covenant not to sue, grieve, or file motions to end court ordered
therapy.


Parent shall not commence or maintain any suit thereon against Mr. Rose
whether at law or in equity.


Parent shall not grieve Mr. Rose to the Colorado Department of Regulatory
Affairs for the direct or indirect purpose of prematurely terminating
therapy.


Parent shall not commence any legal filing in order to prematurely
terminate therapy.


This covenant shall be binding upon, and inure to, the benefit of the
parties, their successors, assigns and executors, administrators, personal
representatives and heirs.


V. Dispute Resolution


Any disputes regarding termination, or in excess of maximum limit for small-
claims court arising out of this Agreement, shall be submitted to binding
arbitration before a mutually agreed-upon arbitrator pursuant to the rules
of the American Arbitration Association. The Arbitrator’s award shall be
final, and judgment may be entered in any court having jurisdiction
thereof. The client shall pay all arbitration and court cost, reasonable
attorney’s fees, and legal interest on any award of judgment in favor of
the therapist. All actions, whether brought by client or by therapist will
be filed in Boulder County, Colorado.
This contract is held accountable to the legal system of Colorado and any
applicable statutes held therein.


VI. Acceptance of terms


The action of the sending and receipt of this agreement via electronic
method will hold both parties in acceptance of these terms. The Designer as
sender and the client as recipient will acknowledge acceptance of these
terms either through an e-mail noting acceptance or acceptance is
acknowledged at the beginning of any work on said project. Electronic
signatures shall be considered legal and binding.


VII. Participation by Andrew Rose in Third Party Investigations including
Court.


Mr. Rose will participate in third party investigations given proper
authorizations. These include general perceptions of parenting involvement,
parenting skill, and psychological disposition of parents. Mr. Rose may be
called on to opine or present facts to Parental Responsibility Evaluators,
Child Family Investigators, Boulder Child Protective Services, Police
Departments and other investigators.


Mr. Rose will make no determination regarding parenting time, as that is an
issue for the courts to decide.


Parent Name: [PARENT NAME]


Child Name: child's name


Date of Signature Initiation: 1/1/2016

