
Joshua Allen, as Lessor, does hereby agree to let to Yuna Kim, as Lessee, a
parking space located at 475 Atkinson Dr - Atkinson Plaza, Honolulu,
Hawaii, such parking space being further described Parking Space No. 20 at
the aforementioned location. For the six month period of May 3, 2016 to
November 3, 2016. The following terms and conditions shall apply to this
Parking Space Lease Agreement (“Agreement”):


Terms and Conditions:


1. Items Left in Vehicle. Lessor shall not be responsible for damage or
loss to possessions or items left in Lessee’s vehicle.


2. Damage to Vehicle. Lessor shall not be responsible for damage to
Lessee’s vehicle, whether or not such damage is caused by other vehicle(s)
or person(s) in the parking lot and surrounding area.


3. Payments by Lessee. Lessee agrees to pay $ 600 for six months for the
lease of the aforementioned parking space. Lessee is to make such leasehold
payment –(to Lessor or Lessor’s Agent) in person . Payments shall be made
in advance by Lessee prior to start of six months.


4. Receipts by Lessor. Lessor agrees to provide a receipt to Lessee for
each payment received. Such receipt shall show the amount paid and number
of the leased parking space.


5. Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement by providing 30
days written notice to the other party. Any such notice shall be directed
to a party at the party’s address as listed below in this Agreement. If
either party does terminate the agreement, after the 30 day notice the
remainder of payment will be refunded and prorated.


6. Damages and Loss of Equipment. Lessee is responsible for any and all
damages beyond normal wear and tear to the parking facilities. Lessee is
also to be held responsible for replacement of any lost, stolen, damaged,
or misplaced remote garage door openers or other parking facility related
equipment lent to the Lessee by the Lessor. No garage door openers are lent
to the Lessee by the Lessor.


EXECUTED AND AGREED by the parties hereto, this the [DATE]


Joshua Allen


Lessor


Yuna Kim


Lessee


475 Atkinson Dr, Honolulu, HI 96814


Lessor’s Address


475 Atkinson Dr, Honolulu, HI 96814


Lessee’s Address

