
       PARTNERSHIP/INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR SKILLS ASSESSMENT AGREEMENT


   This contract ("Agreement") is an agreement between [COMPANY
NAME] ("Company") and [PROSPECTIVE NAME]("Prospective") made as of [DATE].
This Agreement represents the understanding between the parties as to the
nature of the interview for a potential business partnership or independent
contractor relationship between the parties. Prospective understand that
the Agreement is for Prospective's benefit (it could, but does not
necessarily, lead to a partnership offer or independent contractor
agreement), and that NO WAGES, FEES, OR OTHER COMPENSATION WILL BE PAID
(there is no contemplation of payment for this Agreement).


1. Nature of work interview. Prospective will perform tasks assigned by
and/or for Company ("Tasking") to evaluate Prospective's skill and ability
to work in Company's social and professional environment. Tasking will be
comprised of no more than [HOURS TASKED] hours of Tasking. Tasking hours
may or may not be performed contiguously. Prospective agrees that this is
the most limited reasonable number of hours necessary to properly evaluate
Prospective.


2. Partnership or independent contractor relationship, not employment,
sought. Prospective agrees that Prospective is interviewing to be a partner
or independent contractor in a business venture, but not an employee, and
that employment is not sought or expected. Prospective understands that
because Prospective is not an employee and is not seeking employment,
Tasking is undertaken without any obligation to provide any benefits,
including unemployment benefits or worker's compensation benefits in the
event of injury. Prospective undertakes Tasking at Prospective's own risk,
and is expected to and hereby agrees that Prospective holds appropriate
private insurance.


3. No payment for Tasking. Prospective understands that Prospective will
not be paid or otherwise compensated for Tasking.


4. Consideration. Prospective agrees that successful completion of Tasting
leads to consideration of Prospective as a potential partner or independent
contractor for Company, and that this is valuable and adequate
consideration for which Prospective agrees to this contract.


5. Ownership of any Product. Prospective agrees that any product or
intellectual property created during or for Tasking belongs exclusively to
Company. The Company will own all rights, titles and interest (including,
but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret rights, patents,
and all other rights) for any works of authorship, mask works, designs,
computer code, ideas and/or information made, conceived, or reduced to
practice, in whole or in part, during or for Tasking. Prospective
understands and agrees that no compensation beyond consideration of
Prospective for potential partnership or use as an independent contractor
will be made for these rights. Prospective agrees and assigns any and all
rights necessary to accomplish the foregoing ownership. Prospective also
agrees to further assist Company to record, perfect or defend the foregoing
ownership. Prospective gives permission to Company to act for and in
Prospective's behalf to execute or file any document necessary to securing
evidence of the foregoing ownership.


6. Non-disclosure. Prospective understands that as part of Tasking,
Prospective may be exposed to proprietary Company information or
technology. Prospective agrees not to divulge, reveal, or otherwise
disclose or discuss with outside parties any business information or
technology to which Prospective is exposed during Tasking. At the end of
Tasking, Prospective will promptly return and/or delete any information or
technology received from Company. Prospective will not use any of Company's
technology or business information in any work performed for any
individual, company, or organization outside of Company.


7. Non-compete. For a period of up to 3 months following Tasking,
Prospective agrees not perform any work (as either an Independent
Contractor or Employee) for any company, individual, or organization that
competes with Company, and will not seek to solicit or encourage any
employee, consultant or partner in Company to engage in any activity that
could compete with Company.


8. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed to be invalid
or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity and
enforceability of such provision in any other respect and of the remaining
provisions of this Agreement will not be impaired in any way.


9. Termination. This Agreement terminates upon the end of Tasking,
automatically upon the expiration of 90 days, or upon written receipt-
requested and subsequently returned e-mail notice of Company or
Prospective, but sections 5-8 (Ownership of any product, non-disclosure,
and non-compete) and any potential remedies will survive termination.


10. Assignment. As the purpose of this Agreement is for the evaluation of
Prospective, this Agreement may not be assigned to any other party for any
reason.


11. Preliminary or injunctive relief. The parties agree that the remedy at
law or arbitration for any breach or threatened breach by a party may, by
its nature, be inadequate, and that in addition to damages, the other
parties will be entitled to a restraining order, temporary and permanent
injunctive relief, specific performance, and other appropriate equitable
relief ("Relief'), without showing or proving that any monetary damage has
been sustained. Relief may be ordered through arbitration, and the
arbitration order enforced by any court that would otherwise have
jurisdiction over the matter.


12. Arbitration will settle disputes. Any dispute, controversy, or claim
arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be settled by
arbitration. The arbitration will be administered by judge.me at the
Internet URL resource locator http://www.judge.me and will follow the rules
of that arbitration body. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator
may be entered in any court that would otherwise have had jurisdiction over
the dispute for enforcement.


13. Governing law. In all disputes that arise from or under this Agreement,
the governing law will be the law of [GOVERNING LAW STATE].


This Agreement is only enforceable if signed (e-signature permitted where
state law allows).


Prospective:


Signature: _________________________


Typed name: _______________________


Company:


Signature:_________________________


Typed name:_______________________


Skills Assessment Agreement Page 1 of 3

