
Inventor:       Jane Doe


 


Specification


 


Title. [Realtime Cloudbased Mobile Web App and Social Rootkit].  


 


Cross References to Related Applications. This application claims the
benefit of Applicants’ prior provisional application, number [00/000,000],
filed on [January 1, 2012]. 


 


Field of Invention. The technology relates to the general field of [social
media software], and has certain specific application to [haptic
boilerstrap software-as-aservice].


 


Background


 


 


Summary


The disclosed [THING] does [RESULTS]. It may be used by [EXAMLEs].


 


 


Brief Description of the Drawings


 


Various embodiments of the invention are disclosed in the following
detailed description and accompanying drawings.


Fig. 1 illustrates a [three-quarter view of the crankshaft wingnut
assembly].


Fig. 2 illustrates an [exploded view of the clockwork linchpin]


Fig. 3 illustrates ...


 


 


Detailed Description and Preferred Embodiment


 


The following is a detailed description of exemplary embodiments to
illustrate the principles of the invention. The embodiments are provided to
illustrate aspects of the invention, but the invention is not limited to
any embodiment. The scope of the invention encompasses numerous
alternatives, modifications and equivalent; it is limited only by the
claims.


Numerous specific details are set forth in the following description in
order to provide a thorough understanding of the invention. However, the
invention may be practiced according to the claims without some or all of
these specific details. For the purpose of clarity, technical material that
is known in the technical fields related to the invention has not been
described in detail so that the invention is not unnecessarily obscured.


 


Definitions.


 


A. Computer-Readable Medium - is broadly defined to include any kind of
computer memory, including, hard disks, solid state drives, flash drives,
CDs and DVDs, and RAM.


B. Subliminal Transmogrifier - is a fine gossamer oxidizer for a wrought
iron piston fuse. 


C. Clickable Mousover - is a pixelated peer-to-peer digital breadcrumb for
mobile apps. 


 


 


 


Figure 1  -  A Mechanical Component.


Figure 1 illustrates an overview of a preferred embodiment. It is a three-
quarter view of the crankshaft wingnut assembly.


 


Figure 2  -  A Software Component


Figure 2 illustrates a block diagram of a preferred embodiment. Data is
received from the femtosecond authentication array and concatenated with a
cascading RESTful API call. Logarithmic read-only sampling of broadband
metadata is developed in a bloatware feedback sequence.   


 


 


Another Component


Figure 3 depicts another component....


 


Alternate Embodiment


Figure 4 depicts an alternate embodiment.


 


Conclusion.


 


The disclosed embodiments are illustrative, not restrictive. While specific
configurations of the [technology] have been described, it is understood
that the present invention can be applied to a wide variety of [technology
category]. There are many alternative ways of implementing the invention.


 


 


 


 


Claims





 


What is Claimed is:


   1. A realtime, cloud-based, mobile web app for social jalbreaking,
      comprising: 
        1. a Turing test,
        2. a vaporware firewall, and 
        3. a keystroke logging rootkit. 


            
   2. The web app of claim one, wherein, 
        1. the Turing test receives version tracking data from the rootkit.


            


Here are some different claim flavors from the claim buffet: 


   1. Apparatus Claim.
        1. "A computer system comprising..."
   2. Component Apparatus Claims. Claim the innovative component alone, and
      then claim it as part of a broader system:
        1. A disk drive comprising X, Y and Z.
        2. A computer system comprising a disk drive, X, Y and Z.
            
   3. Method Claim. Claim the steps in a process.
        1.
   4. Product by Process Claim.
        1. Use if structure of invention is difficult to describe.
        2. But, this type of claim is only infringed by a product made by a
           substantially identical process.


   5. Computer Readable Medium (Beauregard) claim.
        1.


   6. Means-Plus-Function / Step-Plus-Function Claims.


 


 


   1. Strategic Claiming.
        1. Avoid "Restriction Requirements" from the Patent Examiner. 
              1. Glue Claim - A glue claim recites every limitation of every
                 independent claim verbatim.
              2. Nephew Claims - Each independent claim has a dependent
                 claim that corresponds to every other independent claim.





General Claiming Notes


Describe invention:   Language should be inclusive, but not ambiguous.
Specific and comprehensive. § 112 ¶ 2.
Claim Novel Tools and Manufacturing as well as End Product.
Claim intermediate products in the manufacturing process.


Language:    Draft some claims using terms that are not in the
specification.  If the verbatim term (as opposed to the concept) is used in
the specification, it may be easier for an opponent to later argue that the
claim scope should be limited to the description in the specification (as
opposed to the broader underlying inventive concept).


Infringement:    Try to claim Direct, Detectable, Undivided, Domestic
Activity.
Is the claim directed at a party with deep pocket?
If multiple deep pocket parties, draft claims targeted at each one.
Litigators want claim language that identifies specific features and can be
readily applied to an accused product.


Damages:    Aim for System-Level Damages. One of the claims should be
directed to the entire system.








Abstract


A system for X is disclosed. The system DOES SOME THINGS. The disclosed
system PRODUCES SOME RESULTS.


 


 


Drawings

