
[NAME OF THE PERSON GRANTING POWER], the "Principal," of [PRINCIPAL'S PLACE
OF RESIDENCE], herewith appoints [NAME OF THE ATTORNEY] of [ATTORNEY'S
PLACE OF RESIDENCE], as their attorney in fact, to act in the place and
stead and with the same authority as Principal would have to do the
following acts:


To conduct any and all business regarding my deposit accounts, loans, safe
deposit box, or other banking business in regard to the [NAME THE BANK (DO
NOT USE WORD BANK IF IT IS LAST)] Bank, of [CITY AND STATE WHERE THE BANK
IS LOCATED]. This power shall specifically include, but is not limited to
the right to deposit, withdraw, sign checks or drafts, make stop payment
orders, and to conduct any banking transactions necessary or possible in
regard to my banking relationship with the [NAME THE BANK (DO NOT USE WORD
BANK IF IT IS LAST)] Bank.


To execute a deed or other instrument of conveyance conveying my interest
in the following real property:


[DESCRIPTION OF THE PROPERTY]


To examine and to order copies of any and all of my educational records,
including both financial and student loan and health related records, at
the following college, school or other educational institution:


[NAME OF THE SCHOOL OR COLLEGE] of [CITY AND STATE WHERE THE SCHOOL IS
LOCATED], and any branches thereof


To represent me before the Internal Revenue Service in regard to the
following taxable years and returns:


Forms: [STATE THE FORMS INVOLVED] Years: [STATE THE TAXABLE YEARS INVOLVED]


To act for me in the regard to the following:


[STATE THE AUTHORITY NARROWLY AND PRECISELY]


This power of attorney shall be in effect from [DATE ON WHICH POWER OF
ATTORNEY BEGINS] to [DATE ON WHICH POWER OF ATTORNEY ENDS] and shall not be
revoked due to my incapacity, and will continue in effect should I ever
become incapacitated.


_____________________________________________________


[NAME OF THE PERSON GRANTING POWER], As Principal


STATE OF [STATE WHERE SIGNED]


COUNTY OF [COUNTY WHERE SIGNED]


[STATE THE NAME OF THE PRINCIPAL (PERSON GIVING POWER)] personally appeared
before me and acknowledged the execution of this power of attorney for the
purposes set forth therein.


[DATE]


Notary Public:

