
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE HUSBAND], referred to herein as HUSBAND and [ENTER
THE NAME OF THE WIFE], referred to as WIFE, agree:


The parties were lawfully married on [ENTER THE DATE OF MARRIAGE] at [ENTER
PLACE WHERE MARRIAGE WAS PERFORMED]. Difficulties have occurred between the
parties, and they have agreed to live separate and apart.


The parties nevertheless desire to resolve certain issues and consequently,
have entered into this agreement.


The parties have [ENTER THE NUMBER OF CHILDREN] children born of this
marriage, named:


[ENTER THEIR NAMES]


born, [ENTER THEIR DATES OF BIRTH (SAME ORDER AS NAMES], respectively.


The parties have made a complete disclosure to one another of financial
matters and each is satisfied that they have had sufficient disclosure of
the parties individual and joint finances.


The parties have each been advised by advisors of their own choice
regarding their legal rights and any disclosures made herein.


The husband shall assume the following debts, and hold the wife harmless
from the same:


[ENTER DEBTS TO BE ASSUMED BY HUSBAND]


The wife shall assume the following debts, and hold the husband harmless
from the same:


[ENTER DEBTS TO BE ASSUMED BY WIFE]


Neither party shall incur any further debts which may result in joint
liability. In the event that either party incurs a debt on joint credit of
the parties, they shall be responsible for the same.


As child support, [SUPPORT WILL BE PAID BY] shall pay support [SUPPORT IS
TO BE PAID] the sum of $ [ENTER THE AMOUNT OF SUPPORT TO BE PAID] ([ENTER
THE AMOUNT OF SUPPORT TO BE PAID] dollars).


[THE INSURANCE WILL BE MAINTAINED BY] shall maintain [ENTER TYPE OF
INSURANCE TO BE MAINTAINED] insurance for the benefit of [ENTER FOR WHOM
THE INSURANCE WILL BE MAINTAINED].


Personal property of the parties shall be divided as follows:


The HUSBAND shall have the following property:


[ENTER PROPERTY DISTRIBUTED TO HUSBAND]


The WIFE shall have the following property:


[ENTER PROPERTY DISTRIBUTED TO WIFE]


If any debts are associated with the items of property divided herein, the
party receiving the same shall assume the debt and hold the other party
harmless from such debts.


Any property not specifically divided herein shall be subject to
distribution at a later time.


The [TEMPORARY POSSESSION WILL BE HELD BY] shall have temporary possession
of the residence owned by the parties located at [DESCRIBE PROPERTY BY
ADDRESS:]. Expenses related to the residence shall be borne by the parties
as follows:


Husband: [HUSBAND WILL PAY WHAT PERCENT OF EXPENSE?] per cent


Wife: [WIFE WILL PAY WHAT PERCENT OF EXPENSE OF PROPERTY] per cent


The parties agree that this agreement is intended to be a final disposition
of the matters agreed upon herein. This agreement may be introduced into
evidence and incorporated in a final decree of dissolution of marriage. In
the event that any disputes occur regarding this agreement the prevailing
party shall be entitled to reasonable counsel fees regarding such
enforcement.


THIS IS A LEGALLY ENFORCEABLE AGREEMENT. READ CAREFULLY AND OBTAIN LEGAL
ADVICE BEFORE EXECUTING THIS AGREEMENT.


Dated:


_________________________________________


_______________________________________________


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE HUSBAND], HUSBAND


_______________________________________________


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE WIFE], WIFE


Witnesses as to HUSBAND:


_______________________________________________


_______________________________________________


Witnesses as to WIFE:


_______________________________________________


_______________________________________________

