
Privacy Policy


Effective: September 3, 2013


TRUSTe online privacy certification


TRUSTe Children privacy certification


PrimaryGames.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy. PrimaryGames is intended to provide fun and
educational resources for kids and teens to use under the guidance of their
parents and teachers. As required by The Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act ("COPPA"), we provide this privacy policy to inform parents
and legal guardians (collectively, “Parents”) about our privacy practices
on our site www.primarygames.com.


PrimaryGames.com has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy and Children’s Seal
signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by
TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including
transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of
your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information collected
on our site www.primarygames.com and does not cover information that may be
collected through our mobile applications, mobile sites, or downloadable
software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate
online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading
privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or
complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at
privacy@primarygames.com .  If you are not satisfied with our response you
can contact TRUSTe here.


Information Automatically Logged


We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to
administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad
demographic information. We use this information to help us design a
website that is targeted to the interests of our visitors. We do not tie
any personal information to your IP address.


Cookies


PrimaryGames uses cookies to track game progress and level completion. A
cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-
keeping purposes. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any
personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. The use
of cookies by third parties is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not
have access or control over these cookies.


Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)


We employ or our third party tracking utility partner employs a software
technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us
better manage content on our site by informing us what content is
effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar
in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web
users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard
drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the
size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the
information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally
identifiable information.


Advertisers


We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our
Web site. In response to the new COPPA rules, PrimaryGames.com has opted
out of behaviorally targeted ads from all of our advertising networks, and
instead only shows contextually-based ads or other carefully-selected ads
which are not based on a user's browsing behavior.


We have asked all of our advertising networks to turn off all behaviorally
targeted ads that would track a user or attempt to create a profile on any
of our users. We have also alerted our advertising agencies that a portion
of our audience is "under 13" and that they need to adhere to all COPPA
rules and regulations. PrimaryGames does not run behaviorally targeted ads,
but, if you want to opt out of these on other websites that do, you can opt
out here: http://www.iab.net/privacymatters/


In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party
advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” or web beacon on your
browser.


You can view the privacy policies for each ad company by following the
links below:


BURST! Media: http://www.burstmedia.com/privacy.html


Advertising.com: http://advertising.aol.com/privacy


ValueClick: https://www.valueclickmedia.com/about/privacy


24-7 Real Media: http://www.247realmedia.com/privacy.html


Tribal Fusion: http://exponential.com/our-company/privacy/


Casale Media: http://www.casalemedia.com/privacy.html


Genome from Yahoo!: http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/adserving/


Google Adsense: http://www.google.com/privacy.html


Mochi Media: http://www.mochimedia.com/privacy.html


Viacom Media Network Tribes:
http://www.viacom.com/privacypolicy/Pages/default.aspx


Optimatic: http://www.optimatic.com/dev.optimatic.com/Files/privacy.htm


Adify: http://www.adify.com/privacy-policy


Glam Media: http://www.glammedia.com/about_glam/legal/privacy-security/


Commission Junction: http://www.cj.com/legal/privacy_web_user.html


Linkshare: http://www.linkshare.com/legal/privacy/


Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/privacy


Games Banner Network: http://gamesbannernet.com/TOS.html


Analytics


PrimaryGames.com uses third-party analytics software to provide us with
information regarding the usage of the Website. The information we receive
from such third-party analytics software is not Personal Information
attributable to any user but rather information that is aggregated by the
software so that we can track such things as how many users we have of the
Website on a daily, weekly or monthly basis, what Website content or
features our users are frequenting and the general geographic locations of
our users.


To opt-out from this type of tracking, please use the links below:
Google Analytics: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Quantcast: https://www.quantcast.com/company/opt-out/


External Links


This site contains links to other sites. PrimaryGames.com is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We
encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy
policies of each and every site that collects personal information. This
privacy policy applies only to the information collected on this Site.


Security


The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow
generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method
of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100%
secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.


Children's Guidelines


We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs.
Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children:


We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally
identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent.


When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, the virtual worlds we
partner with will only use the online contact information (such as email)
to:


   1. Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not
      use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes. Once
      we have responded to such request we will delete the information
      provided immediately.


   2. Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the
      purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental
      notification.


   3. Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child
      (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription)
      and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use
      our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include
      the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent
      to prevent the use of the information and participation in the
      activity.


We will provide you with a description of the specific types of a
personally identifiable information collected on the site, for instance
when you send a post card, we may collect your name, email address and
recipient’s name and email address. We do not store this information for
any purpose.


E-Cards and Postcards


We hope you and your children enjoy our E-cards together. The information
you submit is for your card only. It appears on your computer screen for
your use and is deleted when the email card activity is completed. Email
cards sent via e-mail to your selected recipient(s) are automatically
deleted from our files 21 days after you send them. You must be 13 years or
older to submit information. Parents, please help your child fill out the
postcard forms. When sending a postcard for the first time, we require
users to specify for their age. Any users who identify themselves as under
13 will be blocked from using our postcard service. We use persistent
cookies to remember whether or not the user is over the age of 13.


Social Media (Features) and Widgets


Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like
button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-
programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address,
which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the
Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either
hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions
with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company
providing it. The only information we collect from you prior to allowing
your use of the tell a friend feature that is ran by a third party social
media feature is your age to determine whether or not you are able to use
this feature.


Third Party Sharing


We will share your personal information only in the ways that are described
in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third
parties.


We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services
to help us with our business activities such as providing customer support
or content management. These companies are authorized to use your personal
information only as necessary to provide these services to us.


We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as
to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, when we believe in
good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your
safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a
government request.


If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of
our assets, you will be notified by prominent notice on our Web site of any
change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any
choices you may have regarding your personal information.


Access to Personal Information


If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer
desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or
deactivate it by emailing our Customer Support at privacy@primarygames.com.
We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.


Data Retention


We will retain your information as needed to provide you services. If you
wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you
services contact us at the email address provided above. We will retain and
use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,
resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.


Age Restricted Activities


Most of the activities and features on PrimaryGames.com are able to be
enjoyed by all ages. There a minor few that require the user to be 13 years
or older. On these pages, we ask users to specify their age. Any users who
identify themselves as under 13 will be blocked from using these pages or
services. We use cookies to remember whether or not the user is over the
age of 13 in order to tailor their experience while using PrimaryGames.com.


Virtual Worlds


We feature several Virtual Worlds for children from third-party partner web
sites on PrimaryGames.com. All information collected while interacting with
each world is collected by the Company that owns and maintains that
particular world. Please refer to the Privacy Policy and Terms and
Conditions for each individual Virtual World. We have provided links to
each world's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions on the game's web
page. Questions regarding each world should be directed to the appropriate
party and contact links for each game can be found on the game's web page.


Changes in this Privacy Policy


We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information
practices. If we make material changes we will notify you by means of a
notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage
you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our
privacy practices.


If we make material changes to how we use personal information collected
from children under 13, we will notify parents by e-mail (if possible), or
by means of a notice on this Site in order to obtain verifiable consent for
the new uses of the child's personal information.


Contacting the Web Site


If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:


PrimaryGames, Inc.
8947 Hollymeade Drive
Lorton, VA 22079
(703) 493-8568
privacy@primarygames.com

