
MUTUAL NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


This Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made as of
[DATE](“Effective Date”) by Pristine, Inc.. a Texas corporation (the
“Company”), and [THIRD PARTY], a [TYPE OF ENTITY] (“Third Party”).


1. Purpose. The Company and Third Party wish to explore a possible business
opportunity of mutual interest (the “Relationship”) in connection with
which each party has disclosed and/or may further disclose its Confidential
Information (as defined below) to the other. This Agreement is intended to
allow the parties to continue to discuss and evaluate the Relationship
while protecting each party’s Confidential Information (including
Confidential Information previously disclosed to the other party) against
unauthorized use or disclosure.


2. Definition of Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means
any oral, written, graphic or machine‑readable information including, but
not limited to, that which relates to patents, patent applications,
research, product plans, products, developments, inventions, processes,
designs, drawings, engineering, formulae, markets, software (including
source and object code), hardware configuration, computer programs,
algorithms, business plans, agreements with third parties, services,
customers, marketing or finances of the disclosing party, which
Confidential Information is designated in writing to be confidential or
proprietary, or if given orally, is confirmed in writing as having been
disclosed as confidential or proprietary within a reasonable time (not to
exceed thirty (30) days) after the oral disclosure.


3. Nondisclosure of Confidential Information


(a) The Company and Third Party each agree not to use any Confidential
Information disclosed to it by the other party for its own use or for any
purpose other than to carry out discussions concerning, and the undertaking
of, the Relationship. Neither party shall disclose or permit disclosure of
any Confidential Information of the other party to third parties or to
employees of the party receiving Confidential Information, other than
directors, officers, employees, consultants and agents who are required to
have the information in order to carry out the discussions regarding the
Relationship. Each party has had or will have its directors, officers,
employees, consultants and agents who have access to Confidential
Information of the other party sign a nondisclosure agreement in content
substantially similar to this Agreement. Each party agrees that it shall
take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure
or use of Confidential Information of the other party in order to prevent
it from falling into the public domain or the possession of persons other
than those persons authorized under this Agreement to have any such
information. Such measures shall include, but not be limited to, the
highest degree of care that the receiving party utilizes to protect its own
Confidential Information of a similar nature, which shall be no less than
reasonable care. Each party agrees to notify the other in writing of any
actual or suspected misuse, misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of
Confidential Information of the disclosing party which may come to the
receiving party’s attention.


(b) Exceptions. Notwithstanding the above, neither party shall have
liability to the other with regard to any Confidential Information of the
other which the receiving party can prove:


(i) was in the public domain at the time it was disclosed or has entered
the public domain through no fault of the receiving party;


(ii) was known to the receiving party, without restriction, at the time of
disclosure, as demonstrated by files in existence at the time of
disclosure;


(iii) is disclosed with the prior written approval of the disclosing party;


(iv) becomes known to the receiving party, without restriction, from a
source other than the disclosing party without breach of this Agreement by
the receiving party and otherwise not in violation of the disclosing
party’s rights;


(v) is disclosed generally to third parties by the disclosing party without
restrictions similar to those contained in this Agreement; or


(vi) is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of a court,
administrative agency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that
the receiving party shall provide prompt notice of such court order or
requirement to the disclosing party to enable the disclosing party to seek
a protective order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure.


4. Return of Materials. Any materials or documents that have been furnished
by one party to the other in connection with the Relationship shall be
promptly returned by the receiving party, accompanied by all copies of such
documentation, within ten (10) days after (a) the Relationship has been
rejected or concluded or (b) the written request of the disclosing party.


5. No Rights Granted. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as
granting any rights under any patent, copyright or other intellectual
property right of either party, nor shall this Agreement grant either party
any rights in or to the other party’s Confidential Information other than
the limited right to review such Confidential Information solely for the
purpose of determining whether to enter into the Relationship.


6. Term. The foregoing commitments of each party shall survive any
termination of the Relationship between the parties, and shall continue for
a period terminating two (2) years following the date of this agreement.


7. Successors and Assigns. The terms and conditions of this Agreement shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the respective successors and
assigns of the parties, provided that Confidential Information of the
disclosing party may not be assigned without the prior written consent of
the disclosing party unless the assignee shall be the successor entity to
the assignor upon the dissolution of the assignor in its present form.
Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon
any party other than the parties hereto or their respective successors and
assigns any rights, remedies, obligations, or liabilities under or by
reason of this Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.


8. Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held to be
unenforceable under applicable law, the parties agree to renegotiate such
provision in good faith. In the event that the parties cannot reach a
mutually agreeable and enforceable replacement for such provision, then (a)
such provision shall be excluded from this Agreement, (b) the balance of
the Agreement shall be interpreted as if such provision were so excluded
and (c) the balance of the Agreement shall be enforceable in accordance
with its terms.


9. Independent Contractors. The Company and Third Party are independent
contractors, and nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to
constitute the Company and Third Party as partners, joint venturers, co-
owners or otherwise as participants in a joint or common undertaking.


10. Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and all acts and
transactions pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties
hereto shall be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the
laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to principles of
conflicts of law. Each of the parties hereto consents to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Travis County, Texas.


11. Remedies; Indemnification. The Company and Third Party each agree that
its obligations set forth in this Agreement are necessary and reasonable in
order to protect the disclosing party and its business. The Company and
Third Party each expressly agree that due to the unique nature of the
disclosing party’s Confidential Information, monetary damages would be
inadequate to compensate the disclosing party for any breach by the
receiving party of its covenants and agreements set forth in this
Agreement. Accordingly, the Company and Third Party each agree and
acknowledge that any such violation or threatened violation shall cause
irreparable injury to the disclosing party and that, in addition to any
other remedies that may be available, in law, in equity or otherwise, the
disclosing party shall be entitled (a) to obtain injunctive relief against
the threatened breach of this Agreement or the continuation of any such
breach by the receiving party, without the necessity of proving actual
damages, and (b) to be indemnified by the receiving party from any loss or
harm, including but not limited to attorney’s fees, arising out of or in
connection with any breach or enforcement of the receiving party’s
obligations under this Agreement or the unauthorized use or disclosure of
the disclosing party’s Confidential Information.


12. Amendment and Waiver. Any term of this Agreement may be amended with
the written consent of the Company and Third Party. Any amendment or waiver
effected in accordance with this Section shall be binding upon the parties
and their respective successors and assigns. Failure to enforce any
provision of this Agreement by a party shall not constitute a waiver of any
term hereof by such party.


13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which
together shall constitute one instrument.


14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the product of both of the parties
hereto, and constitutes the entire agreement between such parties
pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and merges all prior negotiations
and drafts of the parties with regard to the transactions contemplated
herein. Any and all other written or oral agreements existing between the
parties hereto regarding such transactions are expressly canceled.


15. No Publicity. Neither the Company nor Third Party shall, without the
prior consent of the other party, disclose to any other person the fact
that Confidential Information of the other party has been and/or may be
disclosed under this Agreement, that discussions or negotiations are taking
place between the Company and Third Party, or any of the terms, conditions,
status or other facts with respect thereto, except as required by law and
then only with prior notice as soon as possible to the other party.


16. No Modification. The Company and Third Party each agree that it shall
not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, create other works from or
disassemble any software programs contained in the Confidential Information
of the other party unless permitted in writing by the disclosing party.


17. Restrictions on Export. Neither the Company nor Third Party shall
export, directly or indirectly, any technical data acquired from the other
party pursuant to this Agreement or any product utilizing any such data to
any country for which the U.S. Government or any agency thereof at the time
of export requires an export license or other government approval without
first obtaining such license or approval.

