

Introduction


[COMPANY NAME] (we” or “us”) values its visitors’ privacy. This privacy
policy is effective [DATE]; it summarizes what information we might collect
from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will
not do with it.


Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use
of information by companies that Company Name does not control, nor by
individuals not employed or managed by Company Name. If you visit a Web
site that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy
before providing the site with information.


What we do with your personally identifiable information


It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable
information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right
not to register you as a user or provide you with any products or services.
“Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to
identify you as an individual, such as, for example:


    • your name, company, email address, phone number, billing address, and
      shipping address
    • your Company Name user ID and password
    • credit card information


    • any account-preference information you provide us
    • your computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating
      where your computer is located on the Internet
    • session data for your login session, so that our computer can ‘talk’
      to yours while you are logged in


If you do provide personally identifiable information to us, either
directly or through a reseller or other business partner, we will:


    • not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission —
      although unless you opt out (see below), we may use your contact
      information to provide you with information we believe you need to
      know or may find useful, such as (for example) news about our services
      and products and modifications to the Terms of Service;
    • take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information
      from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and
      destruction;
    • not use or disclose the information except:
         o as necessary to provide services or products you have ordered,
           such as (for example) by providing it to a carrier to deliver
           products you have ordered;
         o in other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you
           have otherwise consented;
         o in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that
           your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example,
           statistical compilations);
         o as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or
           search warrant;
         o to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information
           confidential;
         o as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
         o as necessary to protect the rights, safety, or property of
           Company Name, its users, or others; this may include (for
           example) exchanging information with other organizations for
           fraud protection and/or risk reduction.


Other information we collect


We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify
you, such as (for example) the domain name and IP address of your computer.
We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for
technical administration of our Web site(s); research and development;
customer- and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing
efforts more precisely.


Cookies


Company Name uses “cookies” to store personal data on your computer. We may
also link information stored on your computer in cookies with personal data
about specific individuals stored on our servers. If you set up your Web
browser (for example, Internet Explorer or Firefox) so that cookies are not
allowed, you might not be able to use some or all of the features of our
Web site(s).


External data storage sites


We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors
with whom we have contracted.


Your privacy responsibilities


To help protect your privacy, be sure:


    • not to share your user ID or password with anyone else;
    • to log off the Company Name Web site when you are finished;
    • to take customary precautions to guard against “malware” (viruses,
      Trojan horses, bots, etc.), for example by installing and updating
      suitable anti-virus software.


Notice to European Union users


Company Name‘s operations are located primarily in the United States. If
you provide information to us, the information will be transferred out of
the European Union (EU) to the United States. By providing personal
information to us, you are consenting to its storage and use as described
herein.


Information collected from children


You must be at least 13 years old to use Company Name‘s Web site(s) and
service(s). Company Name does not knowingly collect information from
children under 13. (See the [U.S.] Children’s Online Privacy Protection
Act.)


Changes to this privacy policy


We reserve the right to change this privacy policy as we deem necessary or
appropriate because of legal compliance requirements or changes in our
business practices. If you have provided us with an email address, we will
endeavor to notify you, by email to that address, of any material change to
how we will use personally identifiable information.


Questions or comments?


If you have questions or comments about Company Name's privacy policy, send
an email to support@company'sname.com, or contact us via any of the ways
described in the About Us page at URL of company's website.


Thank you for choosing Company Name!

