
At VigilanteTech, we collect and manage user data according to the
following Privacy Policy, with the goal of incorporating our company
values: transparency, accessibility, sanity, usability. This document is
part of VigilanteTech's Terms of Service, and by using vigilante.tech (the
“Website”), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of
Service. Please read the Terms of Service in their entirety, and refer to
those for definitions and contacts.


Data Collected


We collect anonymous data from every visitor of the Website to monitor
traffic and fix bugs. For example, we collect information like web
requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol
address, the browser type, the browser language, and a timestamp for the
request.


We ask you to log in and provide certain personal information (such as your
username, password, and email address) in order to be able to save your
profile and the documents and comments associated with it. In order to
enable these or any other login based features, we use cookies to store
session information for your convenience. You can block or delete cookies
and still be able to use VigilanteTech, although if you do you will then be
asked for your username and password every time you log in to the Website.
In order to take advantage of certain features of the Website, you may also
choose to provide us with other personal information, such as your
avatar/picture, full name, date of birth, or personal website, but your
decision to utilize these features and provide such data will always be
voluntary.


You are able to view, change and remove your data associated with your
profile. We currently do not provide support for account deletion, but
should you desire to close your account, please contact the server
administrator at the@vigilante.tech and we will follow up with such request
as soon as possible.


Minors and children should not use VigilanteTech. By using the Website, you
represent that you have the legal capacity to enter into a binding
agreement. Additionally, some content on VigilanteTech may be against legal
regulations in your country as we do not limit content access based upon
geolocation, you are responsible for using the Website in a way that does
not violate any legal restrictions that you are subject to.


Use of the Data


We only use your personal information to provide you the VigilanteTech
services or to communicate with you about the services or the Website.


With respect to any content you may choose to upload to VigilanteTech, we
take the privacy and confidentiality of our users and their content
seriously. We encrypt all documents, and permanently delete any edits you
make to shared content. By use of the Website you may subject your content
to public view. If you choose to share content that may be personal in
nature, we require you redact any and all references to people and
addresses, as we can't protect public data and we are not responsible for
any violation of privacy law you may be liable for.


We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorized
access of data about you that we store, including personal information.


We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your
consent, unless:


    • doing so is required to carry out your own request;
    • we believe it's needed to enforce our Terms of Service, or that is
      legally required;
    • we believe it's needed to detect, prevent or address fraud, security
      or technical issues;
    • otherwise protect our property, legal rights, or that/those of others.


VigilanteTech is operated from the United States (we're sorry). If you are
visiting the Website from outside the U.S., you agree to any processing of
any personal information you provide us according to this policy.
VigilanteTech recommends supplying only the requisite information and
securing your browsing from a reliable VPN.


VigilanteTech may contact you, by email or other means. For example,
VigilanteTech may send you notification emails relating to VigilanteTech,
or communicate with you about your use of the VigilanteTech website. The
aforementioned emails may not be opted out of due to their infrequent
nature, and the need to alert users of any privacy policy or terms of
service overhauls, or Website closure. Additionally, the NodeBB platform
offers several digest notification emails that can be opted into via your
profile on the Website. As a user of the Website, you are responsible for
managing these settings yourself.


Sharing of Data


We don't share your personal information with third parties. We have
included a list of all services employed by VigilanteTech and a synopsis of
any anonymized, aggregated data that those services might collect. These
external services are used to help us improve the VigilanteTech Website and
service. Feel free to check out their own Privacy Policies to find out
more.


    • Mailgun: transactional logs (addresses, time/date) of email sent via
      the community
    • Freshdesk: anonymous
    • Docracy: uses Google Analytics and Kissmetrics (browser type,
      demographics, time/date, language settings, page views, ad serving
      domains, pseudonymous IP address).


Note: Docracy is only utilized when viewing the external links to our
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.


We also use social buttons provided by services like Twitter and Google+.
Your use of these third party services is entirely optional. We are not
responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these third party
services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those third
party services’ privacy policies.


We do not employ nor contract with people and other entities that perform
certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Agents”).


We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user
information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover,
if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out
of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that are transferred or acquired by a third party in the event of
the sale. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any
acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your personal information
as set forth in this policy. Please note that there are no plans to sell
VigilanteTech assets, and such plans are incredibly unlikely.


Changes to the Privacy Policy


We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we
collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such
information is used. If we make major changes in the way we collect or use
information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Website
or sending you an email. A user is bound by any changes to the Privacy
Policy when he or she uses the Services after such changes have been first
posted.


Should you have any question or concern, please write to
the@vigilante.tech.

