
Epicodus, Inc. will lend you $4,500 to help pay the tuition for its class
on web programming. In return for receiving this loan, you promise to repay
Epicodus, Inc. or its successors or assigns (collectively, "Epicodus")
$4,500 plus $500 interest. You will make 25 monthly payments of $200 each,
starting no later than May 31, 2015. Each subsequent payment is due one
month after the previous.


Late payments will accrue interest at 12% per annum from the date the
payment is due until the full payment is received. All late payments
received will be applied first to interest, then to costs and fees for
collection, and then to principal. If you miss a payment and Epicodus makes
demand for payment in writing (including by email), you will immediately
repay the entire unpaid amount with all accrued interest. Epicodus may
report your payment history to national credit bureaus.


If you drop out of Epicodus and are eligible for a refund, Epicodus will
apply your refund to your loan, and you will immediately pay the balance of
your loan.


If you fail to make payments for more than 90 days, your loan may be
referred to a collection agency. If Epicodus has to take any legal action
or hire a collection agency to collect amounts due under this note, you
will pay Epicodus's attorney's fees and all costs of collection (including
any collection agency fees).


Epicodus may sell your loan to a third party. You will be notified if and
when this occurs and how to continue making your payments. This process
enables Epicodus to continue to make loans to other students like you.


This note is the entire agreement between us and completely replaces any
previous agreements. Any changes must be in writing and signed by both of
us. Time is of the essence for all aspects of this note. If we have a
disagreement, the laws of the State of Oregon will apply, except for
conflict of laws rules. If it turns out part of this agreement isnâ€™t
enforceable, we will remove that part, and it will not affect the rest of
the agreement.

