
[STATE THE DATE OF EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT] [STATE THE CITY AND STATE
WHERE THE PAYMENTS ARE DUE]


$[STATE THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT BORROWED]


[STATE THE NAME OF THE MAKER (PERSON BORROWING) OF THE NOTE], referred to
herein as "MAKER", agrees to pay to the Order of [STATE THE NAME OF THE
PERSON LENDING THE MONEY], referred to herein as "HOLDER", or order, the
sum of $[STATE THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT BORROWED], ([STATE THE PRINCIPAL AMOUNT
BORROWED] Dollars), at [STATE THE STREET ADDRESS WHERE THE NOTE IS DUE],
[STATE THE CITY AND STATE WHERE THE NOTE IS DUE], with interest thereon at
rate of [STATE THE RATE OF SIMPLE INTEREST DUE ON NOTE AS A NUMBER]% per
annum, simple interest.


Said note shall be in due, unless earlier accelerated, in [STATE THE NUMBER
OF INSTALLMENTS] installments, payable every [STATE THE NUMBER OF DAYS
BETWEEN INSTALLMENTS] days, in the amount of $ [STATE THE DOLLAR AMOUNT OF
EACH INSTALLMENT], ([STATE THE DOLLAR AMOUNT OF EACH INSTALLMENT] Dollars).
All payments received shall be credited first to interest and then to
principal. Should MAKER fail to pay any installment when due, then HOLDER
shall have the option to accelerate the payment of the full principal sum
and accrued interest payable. HOLDER shall have the right for commercially
reasonable causes, including but not limited to, the institution of
litigation, the filing of tax liens, or any other objective sign of
incapacity of the MAKER to pay the principal or interest due, to accelerate
the payment of the full principal sum and accrued interest payable.


The full amount of principal and interest due herein shall be payable on
[STATE DUE DATE].


This note shall be due on demand, or if no demand is made, one year after
the date of making the note.


This note is payable in U.S. Dollars. At any time the maximum rate of
interest applicable to this transaction shall not exceed the legal maximum
rate of interest for a note of this type. Any sums paid in excess of any
lawful limitation shall be applied to principal.


After default herein, this note will bear interest at the highest legal
rate for this type of note until paid in full. Upon any default, MAKER
agrees to pay a reasonable attorney's fee for any and all services of an
attorney, whether in or out of court, and for appeal and post-judgment
collection legal services.


Dated:


____________________________________________


MAKER


PERSONAL GUARANTEE


The undersigned, in consideration of the extension of credit by HOLDER to
MAKER, unconditionally personally guarantee the full and prompt payment of
principal, interest, and any collection costs, including attorney's fees to
HOLDER. The undersigned consent to any extensions which may be made from
time to time between MAKER and HOLDER, and consents to the release or
substitution of any collateral.


***************************************************************


READ CAREFULLY: You are executing a legally binding obligation to pay this
debt should the primary maker fail or refuse to do so. This may mean that
you might be called on to pay this debt and collection costs.


***************************************************************


__________________________________________


GUARANTOR


__________________________________________


GUARANTOR

