
DATE: [STATE THE DATE OF THE PURCHASE ORDER] PURCHASE NUMBER: [STATE THE
PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER]


TO: [STATE THE NAME OF THE SELLER]


[STATE THE STREET ADDRESS (FIRST LINE) OF SELLER]


[STATE THE STREET ADDRESS (SECOND LINE) OF SELLER]


[STATE THE CITY, STATE AND POSTAL CODE OF SELLER]


[STATE THE NAME OF THE BUYER (ISSUER OF P.O.)], desires to purchase the
following on the terms stated herein. TO ACCEPT THIS OFFER PLEASE RETURN
THE ORIGINAL SIGNED PURCHASE ORDER. ACCEPTANCES MUST BE ON THIS FORM.


Item: [STATE THE ITEM PURCHASED] Quantity: [STATE THE QUANTITY OF ITEM
ORDERED (IN NUMERALS)] ([STATE THE QUANTITY OF ITEM ORDERED (IN WORDS)])
Price per unit: $[STATE THE PRICE PER UNIT] Tax: $[STATE THE TAX (IF ANY)]


TOTAL: $[STATE THE TOTAL PURCHASE ORDER VALUE IN NUMERALS (TOTAL PRICE)]
($[STATE THE TOTAL PURCHASE ORDER VALUE IN WORDS])


Shipping date: [STATE THE SHIPPING DATE] Shipping method: [STATE THE
SHIPPING METHOD]


THIS PURCHASE ORDER IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS STATED BELOW:


THE DATE STATED FOR SHIPPING IS A FIRM REQUIREMENT DATE. PURCHASE ORDER IS
VOIDED IF NOT SHIPPED WHEN SPECIFIED ABOVE.


The goods supplied must meet the following specifications:


[STATE THE SPECIFICATIONS]


[STATE THE NAME OF THE BUYER (ISSUER OF P.O.)] shall have [STATE THE NUMBER
OF DAYS ALLOWED FOR INSPECTION] days from delivery to inspect a
representative sample of the goods delivered for conformity with the
specifications set forth above. Should the goods fail to conform to the
specifications stated above, [STATE THE NAME OF THE BUYER (ISSUER OF P.O.)]
shall notify [STATE THE NAME OF THE SELLER], who shall have [STATE THE
NUMBER OF DAYS FOR SELLER TO FIX GOODS] days to cure. Should [STATE THE
NAME OF THE SELLER] fail to cure, the contract shall be deemed to have been
breached by [STATE THE NAME OF THE SELLER].


TERMS FOR PAYMENT


[STATE THE NAME OF THE BUYER (ISSUER OF P.O.)] shall pay for the goods
purchased on the following terms:


[STATE THE TERMS FOR PAYMENT]


As to any and all products listed above purchased under this purchase order
that require set up, assembly or installation, [STATE THE NAME OF THE
SELLER] shall provide the same, within [STATE THE NUMBER OF DAYS AFTER
DELIVERY TO SET UP] days of delivery. Setup shall be in accordance with
manufacturers specifications. The cost of the same is included in the price
stated above.


[STATE THE NAME OF THE SELLER] shall provide any and all needed
maintenance, including routine manufacturers specified maintenance, for a
period of [STATE THE NUMBER OF MONTHS FOR MAINTENANCE] days after delivery,
including parts and labor on site.


[STATE THE NAME OF THE SELLER] shall provide [STATE THE NUMBER OF HOURS
TRAINING ALLOWED] hours of training to the personnel of [STATE THE NAME OF
THE BUYER (ISSUER OF P.O.)], on site, after installation. The price for the
same is included in the price stated above.


ACCEPTANCE OF THIS OFFER SHALL ONLY BE ON THIS PURCHASE ORDER FORM. ANY
TERMS CONTAINED ON SHIPPING RECEIPTS, OR LANGUAGE WITHIN THE MANUALS, OR ON
THE CONTAINER ON WHICH THE GOODS ARE SHIPPED, SHALL NOT BE OPERATIVE TO
VARY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.


BY:


_____________________________________________


[STATE NAME OF BUYER'S OFFICER ISSUING PURCHASE ORDER]


ACCEPTED BY [STATE THE NAME OF THE SELLER]


BY:


____________________________________________


INSTRUCTIONS TO RECIPIENT:


Please return a signed copy of this purchase order to :


[STATE THE NAME OF THE BUYER (ISSUER OF P.O.)]


[STATE STREET ADDRESS FOR MAILING PURCHASE ORDER OF BUYER]


[STATE CITY, STATE FOR MAILING PURCHASE ORDER]


This purchase order will then be forwarded to accounts payable for approval
and payment.

