
Personal data, or personal information as it is sometimes called, is data
that relates to or is capable of identifying a living person. Account
Holder privacy is very important to us and we do all we can to protect it.


The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to let you know the type of
information we may gather about you, how we may use it, whether we disclose
it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of the
information. Words and phrases in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning
as in the Quidco Account Holder Agreement.


General Information


When you join Quidco your personal data will be collected, processed,
stored and used by us and other companies within our group to provide
customer support, process payments we make to Account Holders and for other
purposes referred to in this Privacy Policy, the Quidco Account Holder
Agreement and any other agreements that Account Holders may have with us.


The information we collect


Personal data: When you first sign-up for the Quidco Service, we ask for
your name and email address and other personal information including
details of your choice of Cashback Receipt Method, whether PayPal, a credit
card or bank account. In addition we usually also capture your IP address
to understand user location. Other personal information about you is then
optional to provide.


Sensitive personal data: In some instances, we may also ask you for
sensitive personal information, for instance when obtaining and comparing
insurance quotations from a retailer. This personal data may include
information on your racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health or
condition, allegations of criminality, criminal convictions, or sentences
for convictions. It will be provided only with your explicit consent,
including as to the retailer(s) with whom it will be shared (such as a
provider of insurance quotations). We will retain your personal data for as
long as is permitted for legal, regulatory, taxation and fraud prevention
purposes.


Cookies


Cookies: When your web browser accesses a specific web site such as ours,
cookies (a type of small text file) may, depending on your browser
settings, be automatically stored on your computer's hard drive.


Cookies are placed on the Quidco site both by Quidco and by third parties
authorised by Quidco to do so.


Cookies on the Quidco site do the following:


   1. Tell us the route (such as a web-search or an online advertisement,
      for example) by which you came to the Quidco site.
   2. Where you are an Account Holder:
        1. Track your transactions. When you make a purchase on a
           retailer's site it's cookies that give us the information to
           track your transactions with retailers. Specifically it tells us
           which retailer's site you've clicked through to and when and if
           you go on to make a transaction. Specifics related to the value
           of the transaction and cashback earned is sent at a later date
           by the participating retailer.
        2. Keep you logged in to your Account for a period of time.
        3. Allow us to comply with your choices about the display of
           information in your Account.
        4. Track your use of blogging functionality available through the
           Quidco site.
        5. Remember the options you select (such as favourite merchants).
        6. Permit integration with social media sites (such as the ability
           to "like" Quidco on Facebook).
        7. Provide you with recommended offers, based on your use of Quidco
           and the transactions you enter into through it.
   3. Also, if you visit the Quidco site and do not establish an Account, a
      cookie-like technology allows you to be presented with advertising for
      Quidco on other sites that you visit - this advertising is intended to
      prompt you to return to the Quidco site to register as an Account
      Holder.


We may include cookies on the Quidco site that allow third party
advertisers to present you with advertising on the Quidco site based on
interests inferred from your web browsing activity and your use of the
Quidco Service. To understand more about the cookies placed by third party
advertising providers, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu.


We believe that the cookies you encounter on the Quidco site are either (i)
necessary to perform the functions that Account Holders wish to use the
Quidco Service for, or (ii) are non-intrusive.


To learn how to manage and remove cookies, please go to
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.


Please note, however, that if you set your browser to reject cookies you
may not be able to use certain aspects of Quidco - and will not be able to
earn Cashback.


Your sharing of information with retailers and others


As an Account Holder, you will from time to time make your personal data
available to other businesses that work with us, including retailers. This
will happen each time you enter into a transaction with a retailer, and
will happen in other circumstances (such as when you use a price- or quote-
comparison service).


Each retailer or other business to which you provide your personal data
will have its own practices concerning users' privacy. Those retailers and
businesses are independent of Quidco, so you should check their privacy
terms to make sure you are happy with them.


Our sharing of information about you with others


We like to understand our Account Holders interests as well as we can, in
order to personalise the offers we make to them through the Quidco Service
as much as possible. Therefore, we may provide personal data we hold about
you as an Account Holder (such as your name and email address) to one or
more third party bureaux which will match that data against other
information they hold about you - such as age, gender, demographic
information, and known interests - and provide that information to us. We
always request these third party bureaux to delete your personal data from
their systems as soon as possible, and to keep data relating to you
confidential.


We will use the information they provide to us to target more accurately
the offers that are made to you through the Quidco Service.


We also put the information we gather about Account Holders together in an
aggregated and anonymous manner (so that your identity and personal data
are not accessible) and (a) use it for internal management purposes, (b)
share it with current or prospective retailers and (c) use it to target
offers that are made to Account Holders through the Quidco Service. This
type of information includes, for example, usage of an Account Holder's
Cashback Receipt Method, such as the types of product that the individual
Account Holder purchases and the value of those purchases.


In addition, Quidco will also share data with trusted 3rd parties to enable
our instore program to correctly track your Qualifying Transactions and
related Referral Fees:


    • By registering the number of your credit card and/or debit card and/or
      charge card ("Identifier Card Numbers") in the Quidco Programme, you
      hereby authorise us to disclose your Identifier Card Numbers to
      'Reward' (meaning Sports Loyalty Card Limited trading as 'Reward',
      Registered in England No: 4158111. Registered Office: Lion House, Red
      Lion Street, London WC1R 4GB), to retailers or their suppliers (even
      if you never use the Identifier Card Numbers with one or more of those
      retailers) to identify and calculate any entitlement to Cashback that
      you might have and otherwise as appropriate in accordance with the
      terms of our Privacy Policy and acknowledge that we and 'Reward' on
      our behalf, will collect any and all information from any retailer,
      merchant acquirer, credit card processor, issuing bank, or any other
      available source with respect to the purchases made using your
      Identifier Card Numbers. You represent that with respect of each
      Identifier Card Number that you have provided that you are entitled to
      register that card number and receive information about the
      transactions effected using such card.
    • You may only register a maximum of 15 Identifier Card Numbers per
      Member's account, however this may include cards belonging to other
      members of your household/family providing that they have consented to
      the registration of their Identifier Card Number(s) to assist you to
      collect Cashback. We may request that you provide written evidence of
      such consent at any time. If we are not satisfied that all Identifier
      Card Numbers are included with the holder's consent we reserve the
      right to de-register any or all Identifier Card Numbers on your
      account.
    • Each Identifier Card Number may only be registered at any one time to
      one service in the world through which cards are used as identifiers
      for the purpose of crediting rewards (whether cashback, points or
      other kinds of rewards) when shopping with designated retailers. In
      the event of more than one attempted registration of the same
      Identifier Card Number the last registration will prevail and previous
      registrations will be automatically de-registered.


Your personal data may be disclosed if we, or an entity processing your
data on our behalf, are compelled to do so by law, or receive a valid,
legally-compliant request for its disclosure.


Security


We're committed to protecting your personal information. All information
that you provide to us is stored on secure servers and access to this
database is restricted internally. While no computer system is completely
secure, we believe the measures we use reduce the likelihood of security
problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.


Access to your Account is password-protected for your privacy and security.
While we do our best to protect your personal information you also must
protect yourself. What does this mean?


    • Keep your password or other access information secret.
    • Ensure no-one else uses Quidco while your machine is "signed in" to
      the Quidco site.
    • Make sure you sign out from your Account when not using it.
    • Ensure that only you have access to the details of your Cashback
      Receipt Method, such as Paypal or a credit card or bank account, which
      are intended to be kept secret.


Editing your Account and mailing settings


We like to keep in touch with our Account Holders so after you have signed
up to Quidco we'll send you information about products or services provided
by us or our partners that we think will be of interest to you.


Of course we know lots of emails can be annoying so we try to keep ours to
a minimum. However, if you feel you're getting too many or would like more
you can change the settings in your Account at any time. We have a one
click unsubscribe policy, and each communication gives you the opportunity
to opt-out of receiving similar future communications using a link at the
bottom of the email. You can also review, change or correct your identity
and email address information by signing into your Account and going to the
settings tab.


Please note there are some communications that are an integral part of the
Quidco Service and cannot be opted-out of. These communications cover,
amongst other things, changes to the Quidco Service and your actual or
potential transactions with retailers. They can be brought to an end by de-
registering your Account.


Access to information


The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the personal
data we hold about you.


In accordance with that Act, we reserve the right to charge a small fee if
you ask us to provide you with this information. If you have questions
about the handling or protection of your personal data, a written enquiry
should be sent to us using our contact form.


Relationship with the Quidco Account Holder Agreement


Words and phrases used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as is
attributed to them in the Quidco Account Holder Agreement. Any changes to
it will be made in accordance with the Quidco Account Holder Agreement.


Changes to this privacy statement


This Privacy Policy is correct as of 15/04/2013.


Registered details


Maple Syrup Media Ltd. is a company registered in England and Wales, under
company registration number 05498276 and having its registered address as
4th Floor, 76-80 Great Eastern Street, London, EC2A 3JL. Registered under
the Data Protection Act. Registration No. Z9450695


If you have any further questions about this privacy policy you can contact
Quidco on the details below.


4th Floor, 76-80 Great Eastern Street, London, EC2A 3JL.

E: members@quidco.com

