

1. Introduction


This Agreement is a legal document, which sets out your rights and
obligations, and those of Quidco ("we", "us" or "Quidco"), in relation to
this site and the services offered by us through it (the "Quidco Service").
You must take the time to read and understand it before registering for the
Quidco Service. By registering, you accept that you are entering into a
contract with us on the terms of this Agreement. You should be aware that
this Agreement may change from time to time in accordance with Clause 16
below.


People who register for the Quidco Service establish an "Account", and
become "Account Holders".


2. The Quidco Service


The Quidco Service allows Account Holders to earn cashback on tracked
purchases from retailers ("Cashback"). To qualify for Cashback, the
retailer must confirm that the Account Holder's purchase is tracked,
genuine and successful (constituting a "Qualifying Transaction"), and the
Cashback-related referral fee payable to us by the retailer for the
Qualifying Transaction (the "Referral Fee") must be received by us; we pay
Cashback out of Referral Fees. When we refer to retailers, we mean sellers
and suppliers of goods or services and other businesses that work with us
(such as price- and quote-comparison services).


Quidco Compare: We are required by our regulator, the Financial Conduct
Authority (FCA), to provide all Account Holders who are users of Quidco
Compare with our Initial Disclosure Document. Please take time to read this
document and retain for future reference.


Our help pages and other service documentation available on the Quidco site
provide further information about our service; you should consult them
concerning queries or issues you may have about the Quidco Service.


3. Obtaining an Account


You must be at least 16 years of age to obtain an Account. A person may
have no more than one Account. You must be a resident of the UK to register
for a Quidco Account.


You must register for the Quidco Service using accurate and current
information about yourself - including your correct name, address and any
other requested details. If you are asked for, and provide, details of a
bank account, Paypal account, credit card or other account into which you
wish to receive payments (your Cashback Receipt Method), you (a) must
ensure that you are, and remain, fully entitled to use that Cashback
Receipt Method, and (b) confirm that you wish to receive Cashback through
that Cashback Receipt Method. You should keep this information updated
through your Account.


Our Privacy Policy contains important information on how we deal with the
personal information you provide through your Quidco Account, including
information derived from activity through your Cashback Receipt Method.


Note that your Cashback Receipt Method (such as Paypal) may have rules
about the maximum or minimum payment that you can receive through that
Cashback Receipt Method.


Important: You must ensure that the email address we hold for you is kept
up-to-date and that you have full access to it - we will be sending you
important messages there. If you change email address, then you must change
the address we hold for you on your Account.


4. Cashback


After an Account Holder successfully completes a Qualifying Transaction,
and once we have received the Referral Fee for that Qualifying Transaction,
we pass the related Cashback on to the Account Holder through his/her
Cashback Receipt Method.


If you opt for Quidco's Premium Features, we will only pass back to the
Account Holder the Cashback that has been generated once we have first
retained an amount of the Cashback earned in any Year (our "Premium
Features Retention Fee"); a "Year" is a twelve-month period commencing with
the date you opt for Quidco's Premium Features, and each anniversary of
that date.


Please note that there are various circumstances in which a transaction
with a retailer may not constitute a Qualifying Transaction, or Cashback
may not result from it. Our help pages provide further information about
these circumstances.


There are various circumstances in which Cashback will not be payable to
the Account Holder, and will be forfeited to us, namely:


   1. where a Referral Fee is received by us but is not attributed to a
      Qualifying Transaction or associated with an Account (such as where
      the Account Holder is not logged-in to the Quidco Service when making
      the relevant purchase)
   2. the transaction to which the Cashback relates is cancelled after it
      has been entered into (whether under the right of cancellation that
      applies to some sales made at a distance, or otherwise)
   3. the Cashback is attributed to an Account Holder or Account that has
      been:
        1. suspended by us under Clause 8 of this Agreement;
        2. associated with any fraudulent activity or any breach of this
           Agreement;
        3. used to make purchases on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any
           other person
   4. where the Cashback is held in, or attributable to, an Account that has
      been inactive for more than twelve months.


Our help pages provide further information about these circumstances.


5. Intellectual Property


By uploading or including any material on the Quidco Service, an Account
Holder expressly grants:


   1. to us a non-exclusive licence (including the right to grant sub-
      licences) to use, reproduce and distribute that material through the
      Quidco Service and any other interactive services through which we or
      our sub-licensee make the Quidco Service (or a service based on the
      Quidco Service) available; and
   2. to other Account Holders (through us, under the licence referred to in
      a. above), the non-exclusive, personal, non-transferable right to view
      the relevant material.


You acknowledge that all copyright, trade marks, and other intellectual
property rights in and relating to the Quidco Service (including the
material which is contributed by Account Holders or retailers) are owned
by, or licensed to, us. It is easy to copy material which appears on web-
sites, but this does not mean it is legal. Therefore, no-one may copy,
distribute, show in public or create any derivative work from the Quidco
Service, or any of the material which is found on the Quidco Service unless
properly licensed to do so by us.


6. Privacy policy


Our Privacy Policy forms part of this Agreement, and by entering into this
Agreement you also give your consent to the way we handle your personal
data under that policy.


Given the global nature of the World Wide Web, please note that a posting
on the Quidco Service may be accessible to internet users around the world.


7. Our Role


Quidco is not a party to any transactions with retailers, and is not the
seller or supplier of, and does not endorse, any of the goods or services
that they make available. Thus we do not have any of the legal obligations
that apply to the sellers of those goods or services.


Accordingly, we have no control over or responsibility for:


   1. the quality, safety, or legality of the goods or services available
      from retailers; or
   2. whether the retailer can or will supply and pass good title to any
      goods or services.


Account Holders should exercise no lesser degree of caution in entering
into transactions with retailers than they would when entering into a
similar transaction elsewhere.


To the extent that the law permits, you release us, our agents and
employees from all liability arising out of or in connection with any
transactions with retailers, including (without limitation) all claims and
demands relating to transactions (whether completed or uncompleted) with
retailers, or goods or services offered for sale or supply, or actually
sold or supplied, through or in connection with any transactions with
retailers.


8. Misuse


We reserve the right to suspend or terminate any Account Holders access to
the Quidco Service, or parts of it, if in our reasonable view the relevant
Account Holder or Account appears to be in breach of any provision of this
Agreement.


An Account should be used only for purchases on the Account Holder's own
behalf, and not on the behalf of, or for the benefit of, any other
person(s).


Account Holders must not enter into, or attempt to enter into, any
transaction with a retailer or to gain Cashback (a) by providing personal
information of someone else, or a payment method which they are not
entitled to use, (b) by deceptively or unfairly exploiting a retailer's
offering, or (c) in breach of any terms and conditions applied by Quidco or
the retailer to that transaction.


It is each Account Holder's obligation to ensure that any material posted
by him/her or associated with his/her Account:


   1. is not defamatory, offensive, or abusive or of an obscene, indecent or
      menacing nature;
   2. is not intended or likely to cause needless annoyance, inconvenience
      or distress to any person;
   3. does not contain any computer virus, macro virus, Trojan horse, worm,
      or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt, or disrupt the
      normal operating procedures of a computer or to surreptitiously
      intercept, access without authority, or expropriate any system, data
      or personal information;
   4. does not contravene any applicable law or regulation (including, but
      not limited to, laws governing consumer protection, distance selling,
      unfair competition, anti-discrimination, false advertising, copyright,
      trademark and privacy);
   5. does not breach the rights of any person or entity (including any
      rights or expectations of privacy);
   6. where it constitutes feedback on a retailer, is accurate and fair; and
   7. does not advertise any goods or services.


If you see or experience anything on the Quidco Service that appears to
infringe any of the above requirements, we would like you to inform us by
using our contact form.


Each Account Holder acknowledges that we are entitled, but not obliged, to
withdraw any material, which appears - based on information received from
third parties or other Account Holders - to be in breach of this Agreement.


9. Contact from third parties


If anyone contacts us in relation to material or transactions associated
with you or your Account, then you agree:


   1. to provide all reasonable information and assistance we may require in
      connection with responding to that contact; and
   2. to respond promptly and accurately to it, should we pass the message
      to you for a response.


10. Additional services


We or our partners may offer new or additional services through the Quidco
Service from time to time. Your use of those services may be subject to
additional terms and conditions, which you must comply with. Provided that
those terms are notified to you on the Quidco Service in an appropriate
manner (as determined by us in our reasonable discretion) when you agree to
take those services, any failure by you to comply with a material provision
of the terms governing those services will amount to a breach of this
Agreement.


11. Operation of the Quidco Service


We reserve the right to withdraw, modify or suspend aspects of the Quidco
Service, or the entirety of it, where we have legal, security, technical or
commercial reasons to do so. We will endeavour to give you 30 days advance
notice before taking such action, except where it is necessary to take
earlier action for security reasons or because of technical difficulties
which would otherwise adversely affect the Quidco Service. There may also
be times when the Quidco Service becomes inaccessible as a result of
technical difficulties experienced by Quidco or on the Internet; we will,
however, use reasonable skill and care to overcome these difficulties where
they are within our control. Please note, however, that we cannot guarantee
continuous access to the Quidco Service or any of the content that appears
on it.


Nevertheless, we will strive to ensure that any periods of planned
unavailability, which you will be informed of when you access the Quidco
Service at the relevant time, are kept to a minimum.


For security or other reasons, we may require you to change password or
other information which facilitates access to the Quidco Service; however,
we will never ask you for your password via email, telephone, or any other
means other than through the www.Quidco.com website. You are solely
responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and any
additional identifying information.


12. Liability


   1. We warrant that the Quidco Service will be provided with reasonable
      care and skill with the intention of meeting our specifications for
      the Quidco Service, but we cannot and do not guarantee that the Quidco
      Service will meet your requirements.
   2. Quidco shall be liable as expressly provided in this Agreement, but
      shall have no other obligation, duty or liability whatsoever in
      contract, tort (including negligence, breach of statutory duty and any
      other tort) or otherwise.
   3. Nothing in this Agreement excludes or restricts our liability for
      death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
   4. Subject always to sub-Clause e. below, Quidco shall be liable for
      direct loss or damage only, whether in contract, tort (including
      negligence, breach of statutory duty or other tort) or otherwise, and
      whether caused by its act or omission or that of its employees, agents
      or subcontractors. Quidco's aggregate liability during any successive
      period of twelve months, the first of which shall be deemed to begin
      on the date when you obtain your Account, shall be limited to the
      greater of (a) £5 (five pounds sterling), or (b) the amount of the
      then-current Premium Features Retention Fee (whether or not it is
      payable by you), in respect of that twelve-month period (but without
      limiting our obligation to pay Cashback to Account Holders to the
      extent provided in this Agreement).
   5. We will not be liable to you or anyone else, whether in contract, tort
      (including negligence, breach of statutory duty or other tort) or
      otherwise:
        1. for any loss of revenue, business, anticipated savings or
           profits, or
        2. for any indirect, special or consequential loss, damage, costs
           or other claims, howsoever caused or arising, whether through
           non-supply or late supply of the Quidco Service or other non-
           performance of this Agreement or otherwise.
   6. Except as expressly stated elsewhere in this Agreement, all
      representations, warranties, conditions and other terms, whether
      express or implied (by common law, statute, collaterally or otherwise)
      are hereby excluded, except in the case of fraud, or where such
      exclusion is not permitted by law.
   7. For the avoidance of doubt, Quidco will not have liability to you or
      any other person in respect of material contributed by Account
      Holders, transactions (or non-transactions) with retailers, or any
      activity or communication relating to such material or transactions.
   8. The provisions of this Clause 12 shall survive the termination or
      expiry of this Agreement.


13. Indemnity


You agree upon demand to indemnify Quidco against and to be wholly
responsible for all liabilities, claims and expenses that may arise out of
or in connection with (a) any breach of this Agreement by you or through
your Account, or (b) any transaction with a retailer.


14. Assignment


We reserve the right to assign this Agreement, and to assign or subcontract
any or all of our rights and obligations under this Agreement, but will not
do so in such a way as to reduce any guarantees you are given under this
Agreement. You may not without the written consent of Quidco assign or
dispose of this Agreement, nor subcontract any of your rights and
obligations under it.


15. Entire Agreement


This Agreement is intended to contain your entire agreement with us
relating to the Quidco Service; we believe it to be fair and reasonable. It
replaces all earlier agreements and understandings with you relating to the
Quidco Service, except for any fraud or fraudulent representation by either
of us.


16. Changes to this Agreement


We reserve the right to change this Agreement from time to time, and post
the new version on the Quidco Service. When we do so, we will post the new
version of the Agreement on the Quidco Service, and the new version of
these terms and conditions will take effect, and will govern the Quidco
Service and your relationship with us:


   1. commencing no less than thirty days after the date of posting (or such
      later date as we indicate in the relevant posting), if any of the
      changes is to an operative provision of this Agreement which is
      capable of adversely affecting you; if you do not wish to be governed
      by the new version of the Agreement, you may notify us on or before
      the date when the new version of the Agreement is to take effect, and
      from that date you must cease to use the Quidco Service; or
   2. immediately upon the date of posting (or such later date as we
      indicate in the relevant posting), if the changes are not to operative
      provisions, or not capable of adversely affecting you - examples of
      which would include, without limitation, changes to contact details
      referred to, or the refinement of provisions that are already
      included, in this Agreement.


17. General


In the event that any term of this Agreement is held to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and
enforceable. You and Quidco are independent contractors, and no agency,
partnership, joint venture or employee-employer relationship is intended or
created by this Agreement. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by
you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or
similar breaches.


18. Law


This Agreement, and our relationship with you and each Account Holder, is
governed by the laws of England and Wales.


You and we each submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English
courts in relation to disputes arising in connection with this Agreement.


19. Keeping this Agreement


We don't separately file the individual Agreements entered into by Account
Holders when they register for the Quidco Service. You can access it at
www.quidco.com. Please make a durable copy of this Agreement by printing
and/or saving a downloaded copy on your own computer. It is offered in
English only.


We are Maple Syrup Media Limited, and our address for correspondence and
queries is Quidco.com, The Gateway, Broad Street, Sheffield S2 5TF. We are
a company registered in England and Wales under registration no. 5498276.
Our VAT registration number is 877899131. Maple Syrup Media Limited is
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (registered
number 533105). Please note that all communications (including formal
notices) under this Agreement are to be sent and received by email. For
this purpose, your notices should be sent via our contact form, and we will
send our notices to you at the email address you notify to use when you
register as an Account Holder, as changed subsequently in your Account
details.


Initial Disclosure Document

About our insurance service


The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA)


The FCA is the independent watchdog that regulates financial services. It
requires us to give you this information. Use this information to decide if
our services are right for you.


Whose products do we offer?


We provide quote indications from a panel of insurers and brokers. The
number of providers considered will be reflected in the quotation results
screen where the quote indications are listed, when you will be able to see
who the quote indications are from. You can then access those firms
directly for a full quote from their web site(s).


Which service will we provide you with?


Quidco provides you with a quote comparison system. We are not an insurance
or financial broker and do not sell insurance to you directly. We allow you
to use our systems free of charge to compare quotes from a number of
insurers and you will then transfer to their website to buy the policy.


Where Quidco promotes a cashback offer for a particular product, the
promotion relates specifically to the cashback arrangement and should not
be seen as an endorsement or recommendation of the individual insurance
product being promoted.


We will not provide you with any advice on any product or quotation
provided and you will need to make your own decision regarding its
suitability for you in your individual circumstances.


What will you have to pay us for our services?


We normally receive commission from the insurer with whom you place your
business and do not charge you a fee.


Who Regulates Us?


Quidco is a trading style of Maple Syrup Media Ltd, 4th Floor, 76-80 Great
Eastern Street, London EC2A 3JL which is authorised and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority. Our FCA Register number is 533105. You can
check our status at www.fca.org.uk/firms/systems-reporting/register or by
contacting the FCA on 0800 111 6768.


Our permitted business includes making arrangements with a view to
transacting General Insurance policies.


What to do if you have a complaint?


Our aim is to provide a first class service, however, if you wish to
register a complaint about our insurance service, please contact us:


…in writing

Complaints Manager

Quidco

The Gateway

Broad Street

Sheffield

S2 5TF


…by email

FCA@quidco.com


If you cannot settle your complaint with us, you may be entitled to refer
it to the Financial Ombudsman Service if it falls within their remit. Some
of our services are not regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority or
covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service.


Are we covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS)?


We are covered by the FSCS. You may be entitled to compensation from the
scheme if we cannot meet our obligations. This depends on the type of
business and the circumstances of the claim. Insurance advising and
arranging is covered for 90% of the claim, without any upper limit.


For compulsory classes of insurance, insurance advising and arranging is
covered for 100% of the claim, without any upper limit. Further information
about compensation scheme arrangements is available from the FSCS.

