
                     RESIDENTIAL LEASE/RENTAL AGREEMENT


PARTIES:


LESSOR: [LESSORS NAME]


LESSEES: [LESSEES NAME]


PROPERTY ADDRESS:


[STREET]


[CITY], State, [ZIP]


1. RENTAL AMOUNT: Commencing [LEASE START DATE] LESSEES agree to pay LESSOR
the sum of $[RENT] per month in advance on the first day of each calendar
month. Said rental payment shall be delivered by LESSEES to LESSOR or his
designated agent at the following location:


Mailing Address


[LESSORS NAME]


[STREET]


[CITY], [STATE] [ZIP]


Rent must be actually received by LESSOR, or designated agent, in order to
be considered in compliance with the terms of this agreement.


2. TERM: The premises are leased on the following lease term: [START DATE]
to [END DATE]


3. SECURITY DEPOSITS: LESSEES shall deposit with LESSOR the sum of
$[SECURITY DEPOSIT] as a security deposit to secure LESSEES’ faithful
performance of the terms of this lease. The property has been
professionally cleaned prior to commencement of the lease. After all the
LESSEES have vacated, leaving the premises vacant, the LESSOR may use the
security deposit for any unusual wear and tear to the premises or common
areas, and any rent or other amounts owed pursuant to the lease agreement.
If the LESSEES have not caused the premises to be professionally cleaned
prior to vacating the premises, LESSOR may use the security deposit to
professionally clean the premises.


LESSEES may not use said security deposit for rent owed during the term of
the lease. Within (21) days of the LESSEES vacating the premises, LESSOR
shall furnish LESSEES a written statement indicating any amounts deducted
from the security deposit and returning the balance to the TENANT. If
TENANT fails to furnish a forwarding address to LESSOR, then LESSOR shall
send said statement and any security deposit refund to the leased premises.


4. INITIAL PAYMENT: LESSEES shall pay $[PRORATED FIRST PAYMENT] which is
the prorated amount for the remaining [SIXTEEN] (16) days in [MONTH, YEAR]
and the security deposit in the amount of $[SECURITY DEPOSIT] for a total
of $[SECURITY DEPOSIT + PRORATED RENT]. Said payment shall be made in the
form of cash or cashier's check and is all due on [DUE DATE].


5. OCCUPANTS: The premises shall not be occupied by any person other than
those designated above as LESSEES.


6. SUBLETTING OR ASSIGNING: LESSEES agree not to assign or sublet the
premises, or any part thereof, without first obtaining written permission
from LESSOR. LESSOR shall undertake a good faith review of any petition to
sublet the premises for a period of three (3) months or less.


7. UTILITIES: TENANT shall pay for all utilities and/or services supplied
to the premises with the following exception: HEAT, HOT WATER, SEWER,
WATER.


8. CONDITION OF PREMISES: LESSEES acknowledges that the premises has been
inspected. LESSEES acknowledge that said premises have been cleaned and all
items, fixtures, appliances, and appurtenances are in complete working
order. Notice of any exceptions must be reported to LESSOR by [INSERT
DATE], including photographic evidence. LESSEES promise to keep the
premises in a neat and sanitary condition and to immediately reimburse
LESSOR for any sums necessary to repair any item, fixture or appurtenance
that needed service due to LESSEES’, or LESSEES’ invitee, misuse or
negligence.


LESSEES shall be responsible for the cleaning or repair to any plumbing
fixture where a stoppage has occurred. LESSEES shall also be responsible
for repair or replacement of the garbage disposal where the cause has been
a result of bones, grease, pits, or any other item which normally causes
blockage of the mechanism.


9. ALTERATIONS: LESSEES shall not make any alterations to the premises,
including but not limited to installing aerials, lighting fixtures,
dishwashers, washing machines, dryers or other items without first
obtaining written permission from LESSOR. LESSEES shall not change or
install locks, paint, or wallpaper said premises without LESSOR'S prior
written consent, LESSEES shall not place placards, signs, or other exhibits
in a window or any other place where they can be viewed by other residents
or by the general public.


10. LATE CHARGE/BAD CHECKS: A late charge of 6% of the current rental
amount shall be incurred if rent is not paid when due.


If rent is not paid when due and LESSOR issues a 'Notice To Pay Rent Or
Quit' after seven (7) days past rent is due, LESSEES must tender cash or
cashier's check only. If TENANT tenders a check, which is dishonored by a
banking institution, than LESSEES shall only tender cash or cashier's check
for all future payments. This shall continue until such time as written
consent is obtained from LESSOR. In addition, LESSEES shall be liable in
the sum of $50 for each check that is returned to LESSOR because the check
has been dishonored.


11. NOISE AND DISRUPTIVE ACTIVITIES: LESSEES or their guests and invitees
shall not disturb, annoy, endanger or inconvenience other LESSEES of the
building, neighbors, the LESSOR or his agents, or workmen nor violate any
law, nor commit or permit waste or nuisance in or about the premises.


Further, LESSEES shall not do or keep anything in or about the premises
that will obstruct the public spaces available to other residents. Lounging
or unnecessary loitering on the front steps, public balconies or the common
hallways that interferes with the convenience of other residents is
prohibited.


Further, LESSEES shall be responsible for any fines, charges, or penalties
assessed by the condo development’s Home Owner’s Association (hereinafter
“HOA”) as a result of any violation of the HOA’s rules.


12. LESSOR'S RIGHT OF ENTRY: LESSOR may enter and inspect the premises
during normal business hours and upon reasonable advance notice of at least
(24) hours to LESSEES. LESSOR is permitted to make all alterations, repairs
and maintenance that in LESSOR'S judgment is necessary to perform. If the
work performed requires that LESSEES temporarily vacate the unit, then
LESSEES shall vacate for this temporary period upon being served a (7) days
notice by LESSOR. LESSEES agrees that in such event that LESSEES will be
solely compensated by a corresponding reduction in rent for those many days
that LESSEES was temporarily displaced.


If the work to be performed requires the cooperation of LESSEES to perform
certain tasks, then those tasks shall be performed upon serving (24) hours
written notice by LESSOR. (EXAMPLE -removing food items from cabinets so
that the unit may be sprayed for pests)


13. REPAIRS BY LESSOR: Where a repair is the responsibility of the LESSOR,
LESSEES must notify LESSOR with a written notice stating what item needs
servicing or repair. LESSEES must give LESSOR a reasonable opportunity to
service or repair said item. LESSEES acknowledges that rent will not be
withheld unless a written notice has been served on LESSOR giving LESSOR a
reasonable time to fix said item. Under no circumstances may LESSEES
withhold rent unless said item constitutes a substantial breach of the
warrantee of habitability. Reasonable notice shall in no case be less than
thirty (30) days, but in emergency situations, LESSEES shall provide notice
as soon as possible


14. PETS: No dog, cat, bird, fish or other domestic pet or animal of any
kind may be kept on or about the premises without LESSOR’S written consent.


15. FURNISHINGS: No liquid filled furniture of any kind may be kept on the
premises. LESSEES shall not install or use any washer, dryer, or dishwasher
that was not already furnished with the unit.


16. INSURANCE: LESSEES may maintain a personal property insurance policy to
cover any losses sustained to LESSEES’ personal property and/or vehicle. It
is acknowledged that LESSOR does not maintain this insurance to cover
personal property damage or loss caused by fire, theft, rain, water
overflow/leakage, acts of GOD, and/or any other causes.


It is acknowledged that LESSOR is not liable for these occurrences. It is
acknowledged that LESSEES’ insurance policy shall solely indemnify LESSEES
for any losses sustained. LESSEES’ failure to maintain said policy shall be
a complete waiver of LESSEES’ right to seek damages against LESSOR for the
above stated losses. The parties acknowledge that the premises are not to
be considered a security building which would hold LESSOR to a higher
degree of care.


17. TERMINATION OF LEASE/RENTAL AGREEMENT: If this lease is based on a
fixed term, pursuant to paragraph 2, then at the expiration of said fixed
term this lease shall become a month to month tenancy upon the written
approval of LESSOR.


Where said term is a month to month tenancy, either party may terminate
this tenancy by the serving of a (30) day written notice.


18. POSSESSION: If premises cannot be delivered to LESSEES on the agreed
date due to loss, total or partial destruction of the premises, or failure
of previous LESSEES to vacate, either party may terminate this agreement
upon written notice to the other party at their last known address. It is
acknowledged that either party shall have no liability to each other except
that all sums paid to LESSOR will be immediately refunded to LESSEES.


19. ABANDONMENT: It shall be deemed a reasonable belief by the LESSOR that
an abandonment of the premises has occurred where the where rent has been
unpaid for (14) consecutive days and the LESSEES have been absent from unit
for (14) consecutive days. In that event, LESSOR may serve written notice
to LESSEES. If LESSEES do not comply with the requirements of said notice
in (18) days, the premises shall be deemed abandoned.


20. WAIVER: LESSOR'S failure to require compliance with the conditions of
this agreement, or to exercise any right provided herein, shall not be
deemed a waiver by LESSOR of such condition or right. LESSOR'S acceptance
of rent with knowledge of any default under agreement by LESSEES shall not
be deemed a waiver of such default, nor shall it limit LESSOR'S rights with
respect to that or any subsequent right. If is further agreed between the
parties that the payment of rent at any time shall not be a waiver to any
UNLAWFUL DETAINER action unless LESSOR in writing specifically acknowledges
that this constitutes a waiver to the UNLAWFUL DETAINER action.


21. VALIDITY/SEVERABILITY: If any provision of this agreement is held to be
invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or enforceability of
any other provision of this agreement.


22. ATTORNEY FEES: In the event action is brought by any party to enforce
any terms of this agreement or to recover possession of the premises, the
prevailing party shall recover from the other party reasonable attorney
fees.


It is acknowledged, between the parties that jury trials significantly
increase the costs of any litigation between the parties. It is also
acknowledged that jury trials require a longer length of time to adjudicate
the controversy. On this basis, all parties waive their rights to have any
matter settled by jury trial.


23. NOTICES: All notices to the LESSEES shall be deemed served upon mailing
by first class mail, addressed to the tenant, at the subject premises or
upon personal delivery to the premises whether or not LESSEES are actually
present at the time of said delivery. All notices to the LESSOR shall be
served by mailing first class mail or via e-mail, with read receipt
confirmation, to:


[LESSORS NAME]


[STREET]


[CITY], [STATE] [ZIP]


[LESSORS EMAIL]


24. PERSONAL PROPERTY OF LESSEES: Once LESSEES vacates the premises, all
personal property left in the unit shall be stored by the LESSOR for
(18)days. If within that time period, LESSEES do not claim said property,
LESSOR may dispose of said items in any manner LESSOR chooses.


25. ADDITIONAL RENT: All items owed under this lease shall be deemed
additional rent.


26. APPLICATION: All statements in LESSEES’ application must be true or
this will constitute a material breach of this lease.


27. ENTIRE AGREEMENT: The foregoing agreement, including any attachments
incorporated by reference, constitute the entire agreement between the
parties and supersedes any oral or written representations or agreements
that may have been made by either party. TENANT acknowledges that TENANT
has read and understood this agreement and has been furnished a duplicate
original.

