
                         RESIDENTIAL LEASE AGREEMENT
                                 WASHINGTON



Dated: [DATED]

THIS LEASE made and entered into this date by and between:

LESSOR: [LESSOR]

LESSEE(S): [LESSEE(S)]


(list full name of each Lessee)

for the leasing of the following leasehold premises for Lessee named herein
only;

LEASEHOLD PREMISES: Located at [ADDRESS - STREET], [ADDRESS - CITY],
Washington together with:
Apartment # ______ .



TERM: __TWELVE__ (_12_) months COMMENCING on the first (1st) day of
_April__, 20_16_ at 12:00 NOON and terminate on _March_,
20_16_. The lease term herein shall commence on the first (1st) day of the
month, and in
the event the Lessee shall take possession prior to the first (1st) day of
the month, then
Lessee shall pay the rent pro-rated to the first (1st) day of the following
month.
At the expiration of the term, this lease agreement may continue with
mutual agreement
thereafter on a month-to-month basis from the first day of each month to
the last day of
each respective month under the same terms and conditions except rent and
except a
written twenty (20) day notice to vacate shall be given Lessor by the tenth
(10th) of the
month Lessee seeks to vacate.

RENT: Lessee agrees to pay rent each month in advance without demand,
during the term of
this lease and any extension thereof, $1400 commencing on
_April___, 20_16_, and continuing in advance on the first (1st) day of each

and every month thereafter, without relief. Rent is DELINQUENT on the
second (2nd)
day of the month. Lessee shall pay ten percent (10%) of monthly rent amount
surcharge
as additional rent if the full amount of rent is not paid on or before the
first (1st) day of
each month, in advance. Rent is due in lawful money of the United States of
America and
can be paid by cash, personal check, cashier’s check, or money order and
all forms of
payment are accepted subject to funds being paid to Lessor. All personal
checks,
cashier’s checks, or money orders are to be made

payable to: [LANDLORD-NAME] at [LANDLORD-MAILING-ADDRESS.]



Lessor reserves the right to refuse to accept personal checks in payment of
rent or monies
due. Rents must be received by Lessor or Lessor’s agent on or before the
first (1st) day of
each month. Delivery and prompt payment of rents and monies owed is the
responsibility
of the Lessee. NO TWO PARTY CHECKS, OUT OF TOWN CHECKS or OUT OF
STATE CHECKS ACCEPTED. Lessor may take any action allowed under the laws of

the State of Washington to collect due and owing rents and monies.
Irrespective of any restrictive endorsement or directive of Lessee, monies
received will
be applied to Lessee’s obligations in the following order: unpaid deposits;
outstanding
nonrefundable fees; reimbursement for damages or assessments; fees and
costs including
attorney fees; late fees; rental arrears; and finally current rents due.
Any Lessee whose personal check, money order, cashier’s check or any form
of rent
payment is dishonored for any reason must immediately pay the amount of the

dishonored check, PLUS a thirty ($30.00) dollar dishonored check fee. PLUS
a two
($2.00) dollar per day surcharge from and including the first (1st) day of
the month
through the date the dishonored check is redeemed in cash or cashier’s
check to Lessor or
Lessor’s agent, plus all costs necessary to collect monies owing. After
tender of a
dishonored check only cashier’s check or money order will be accepted for
remainder of
lease term.
Any rent tax payable to the City, County, State or any governmental
authority during the
life of this lease or any extension thereof shall be paid by the Lessee.
The same shall be
payable within fifteen (15) days of receiving notice of said taxes due.

OCCUPANCY: Occupancy is limited to the following: [OCCUPANTS-NAMES] and
offspring born or legally adopted during the tenancy. Any visitor shall
become an unauthorized occupant if he or she
occupies overnight the subject leasehold premises two (2) consecutive
nights during any
twelve (12) month period. Lessee agrees to pay additional rent as set forth
herein for
additional occupants in subject leasehold premises. Lessee shall provide
Lessor prior
written notice of additional occupants. Nothing herein shall waive the
Lessor’s right to
terminate tenancy for unauthorized assignment and/or subletting of the
leasehold
premises.

PROPERTY CONDITION REPORT: Lessor/Agent shall fill out a “Possession”
Property
Condition Report on the leasehold premises prior to occupancy by Lessee and
Lessee
shall review and execute the same prior to occupancy. Lessee shall be
responsible for any
damages not listed on said a “Possession” Property Condition Report. Said
Property
Condition Report is made part of this lease. If this lease is for the lease
of a furnished
apartment, the Property Condition Report shall contain a complete list of
each article of
furniture to be leased. No furnishings or other household items are
furnished or leased
with said apartment other than those listed. Lessee agrees to return all
items listed in the
Report, including the leasehold premises, to the Lessor at the end of this
lease term in as
good and clean condition as when received, reasonable wear and tear
excluded. Except as
otherwise indicated on the Property Condition Report, Lessee, by the
execution of this


lease and the Property Condition Report accepts all items listed as being
in good,
serviceable condition as set forth in said Report.

SECURITY/DAMAGE/CLEANING DEPOSIT: Lessee agrees to pay the sum of
_One__ thousand dollars ($_1000_) as a Security/Damage/Cleaning Deposit of
the performance of Lessee’s obligations hereunder. This deposit does not
limit Lessor’s
rights or Lessee’s obligations hereunder. Lessee agrees the sum shall be
deposited by the
Lessor or Lessor’s agent in the Lessor’s trust account
with_Wells Fargo_ whose address is
__[BANK-ADDRESS]_ or such other depository as the Lessor or
Lessor’s agent may identify to the Lessee. Lessee understands that all or a
portion of the
Deposit may be retained by the Lessor upon termination of the tenancy and
that a refund
or any portion of the Deposit to the Lessee is conditioned as follows:
Lessee shall have complied with all of the conditions of this lease
agreement.
Lessee shall clean and restore leasehold premises to its condition at the
commencement of this tenancy as evidenced by the Property Condition
Report herein below, less wear and tear from normal usage. Lessee agrees
that soilage is not wear and tear from normal usage and agrees to
professionally shampoo carpets and dry-clean drapes, as part of his/her
cleaning and restoring leasehold premises to its condition at the
commencement of this tenancy, if a cleaning charge has not been paid in
accordance with this lease.
Lessee shall replace or repair in a professional manner acceptable to
Lessor any
missing or damaged property provided by the Lessor, including keys.
Lessee shall leave with the premises in good condition, reasonable wear and
tear
excepted, all equipment, fixtures, and appliances. Theft of the same may be

subject to criminal prosecution.
If occupancy is for less than a twelve (12) month period, Lessee will be
liable for the
cost of any required painting.
Within fourteen (14) days after the termination of the tenancy and vacation
of the
leasehold premises, the Lessor shall mail to the Lessee’s last know address
a
full and specific statement of the basis for retention of any or all of the

deposit, together with payment of any refund due to the Lessee.


PREMISES USE: The premises are to be used and occupied by the Lessee as a
private


dwelling only and for no other purposes, and the premises shall be occupied
only by the
above listed Lessee and no part of the premises are to be subleased nor
this lease assigned
by the Lessee. Leesee shall not use the premises for any business purpose
including but
not limited to: garage sales.

LESSEE WILL TAKE GOOD CARE: Lessee shall take good care of property of the
Lessor
and will report in writing promptly to the Resident Manager or Lessor any
repairs which
may be needed to Lessor’s property, fixtures or furnishings. The Lessee
shall also give
the Lessor prompt notice of any defects in or accidents to the water pipes,
electric wiring,
heating, or air conditioning apparatus, or any other part of said leasehold
premises in
order that the same may be repaired with due diligence. The Lessee agrees
to hold the
Lessor harmless against all damage claims, unless it can be clearly proven
that it was
caused by the agent, servant, or employee of the Lessor. Lessee shall give
Lessor or
Lessor’s agent written permission to enter the leasehold premises for
repairs. The Lessor
shall have the right to make repairs, renovations, or alterations at
reasonable times.
Lessee is hereby notified that replacement of all batteries in smoke
detector devices
and maintaining smoke detector devices is the responsibility of Lessee.
Failure on part of Lessee to change batteries and maintain smoke detection
devices is against the law and Lessee is subject to the fine (presently
being
$50.00 - $200.00) HB1096.
Lessee shall not shake dust mops or any object out of doors or windows or
balconies
of leasehold premises. Lessee shall not hang, drape, or display any
personal
belongings, signs or advertising of any kind from any part of the leasehold

premise or premises. Lessee shall not install any aerial, antennae, cable,
or
fixture of any kind to any part of the leased premises or any part of the
premises. Lessee shall wear a headset attached to any musical instrument,
radio, TV, or stereo when playing the same outside of leasehold premises so

as to not interfere with the quiet enjoyment or disturb others in or about
the
premises.
No animals, birds, or pets of any kind shall be permitted, kept or harbored
in the
leased premises without Lessor’s prior written consent. No pets or animals
(other than verified service/companion animals) are allowed with visitors
for
any length of time. No Lessee shall permit a pet or animal (other than
verified
service/companion animals) of another person to enter the lease premises or

the premises.
Washers and dryers in apartment shall not be used before 7:00 a.m., or
after 7:00
p.m.
Lessee shall keep the apartment locked at all times and Lessor shall not be
liable for
any break-in, burglary, or robbery. Lessee shall pay the cost of all
repairs
caused by any break-in, burglary, or robbery.
No waterbed or water-filled furniture is allowed in apartments.


Lessee shall not store any article or item of personal property in any part
of the
common area of the premises.

ALTERATIONS: Lessee shall not, without the Lessor’s prior written consent,
make any
alterations in the leasehold premises, and will not intentionally or
negligently destroy,
deface, impair, or remove any part of the structure or dwelling, with the
appurtenances
thereto including the facilities, equipment, furniture, furnishings, and
appliances, or
permit any member of his family, invitee, licensee or any person acting
under his control
to do so. To do so is a Criminal Offense under the laws of the State of
Washington.

LESSEE CAUSED DAMAGES: For any injury to property or rights of Lessor
caused by
Lessee, his agents, family, guests, servants, assignees, undertenants, or
employees which
can affect the health and safety of the Lessee or other persons, or
substantially increase
the hazard of fire or accident that can be remedied by repair, replacement
of a damaged
item, or cleaning, the Lessee shall comply within thirty (30) days after
written notice by
the Lessor specifying the damage or injury, or in case of emergency as
promptly as
conditions require. If the Lessee fails to remedy the damage or injury
within 30 days (or
in case of emergency, as promptly as conditions require), the Lessor may
enter the
leasehold premises and cause the work to be done and submit a bill for the
cost of repair
to Lessee which Lessee shall pay on the next date when periodic rent is due
or payable
immediately, if Lessor so demands. All remedial action shall be performed
by a qualified
and/or licensed, bonded person in a professional manner consistent with
existing finish
and in quality and manner acceptable to Lessor. Any failure by the Lessee
to meet the
conditions of this paragraph will constitute grounds for legal action
including termination
of tenancy.

CONDUCT OF LESSEE: Lessee shall see that the conduct of himself/herself,
his/her family,
invitees, guests, servants, assignees, undertenants, and employees is never
disorderly,
boisterous, vulgar, offensive, or obscene; that it does not disturb or
interfere with the
rights, comforts, quiet enjoyment, or convenience of other Lessees or other
persons on or
around the premises, including management staff of landlord; that it is not
unlawful or
immoral. Lessee shall not permit, maintain or commit a nuisance or common
waste on
or about the leasehold premises. Lessee shall keep the volume of any radio,
TV, or
musical instrument in his/her residence sufficiently reduced at all times
so as to not
disturb or be heard by other persons on the premises, and shall not conduct
or permit to
be conducted vocal or instrumental practice or instructions. The Lessee
agrees that visits
by the police to premises for improper behavior are grounds for termination
of tenancy
and eviction by Lessor or other legal action. Lessee, family, guests, and
invitees shall not
engage in any criminal activity and/or drug related activity on or near the
leasehold
premises. The parties agree that any substantial and material violation of
the terms of this
paragraph shall be considered a nuisance or common waste on or about the
leasehold
premises.

CONDUCT OF GUESTS: Lessee has a duty to supervise and control the conduct
of Lessee’s
family, guests, invitees, employees, and agents. Violation by the Lessee,
his/her family,
invitees, guests, employees, and agents of any of the terms of this lease
shall be deemed
as a violation by Lessee and shall give the Lessor the right to terminate
the tenancy and
commence eviction proceedings as provided for by law.


RECREATIONAL FACILITIES: To the extent allowed by law, all persons using
the
recreational facilities, if provided, do so at their own risk. Lessor shall
post operating
hours from time to time for recreational facilities and do everything
possible to retain
those hours. However, Lessor has no duty to operate recreational facilities
and reserves
the right to close said facilities or any part thereof at any time as the
same are hereby
agreed to not be considered a material portion of the leasehold premises
conveyed. All
recreational facilities are for Lessee use only, No guests allowed. Weight
Room, Pool,
Hot Tub, and/or Spa are to be used with age appropriate supervision as
required by law.

DAMAGE BY FIRE OR ACT OF GOD: Lessee shall not permit any act or thing
deemed
hazardous by Lessor on account of fire or that may increase the rate of
insurance on said
premises. In case the premises shall be damaged by fire, rain, wind or
other cause beyond
the control of the Lessor, unless the same shall occur for any reason for
which the Lessee
is responsible, then the premises may be repaired within a reasonable time
at the expense
of the Lessor; and in case the damage be so extensive as to render the
premises unfit for
human habitation, the rent shall cease until such time as the premises
shall be put
completely in repair. In case of total destruction of the premises by fire
or otherwise, the
rent shall be paid up to the time of such destruction and from thenceforth
this agreement
and the tenancy shall cease and come to an end. In the event the damage is
caused by act
of Lessee, or someone on the property by reason of Lessee, there shall be
no reduction of
rent and Lessee shall be liable and pay for costs of repair, without
deduction for
depreciation. Any insurance deductible incurred by a loss caused by Lesee
or Lessee’s
family, guests, invitees, or others shall be payable by Lessee. All Lessees
shall obtain
fire, flood, and extended coverage insurance to compensate Lessor against
loss caused by
Lessee and/or Lessee’s family, invitees, guests, employees, agent, or
others. Lessee is
not covered by Lessor’s insurance for any loss whatsoever. Unless required
by statute, to
the extent allowed by law, lessor shall not be responsible for relocating
Lessee or others
in the event of destruction of the leasehold premises by any cause. Lessee
accepts full
liability for use of barbeque or like equipment on or about the leasehold
premises.
Portable barbeques or similar appliances are not permitted in the interior
of any leasehold
or on any wood decks or surfaces.

UTILITIES AND SERVICES: The Lessor will furnish water and removal of
garbage in
accordance with regulations of the municipality. Lessee shall not liter in
any common
areas. Lessee shall clean and maintain debris free the area immediately
outside Lessee’s
entrance door. Lessee will use utilities supplied by the Lessor only for
ordinary
household uses and for no other use including washing car on the premises.
The hot
water tank thermostats are set at 120 . If Lessee sets thermostats at
anything other than
120 the Lessee assumes such risk. The Lessor requires that any attempt to
alter the
thermostat setting be done by a qualified electrician. Lessee shall pay for
all utilities and


services including utility deposits where demanded by utility companies and
shall keep
said utility bills paid current. Any damage caused to leasehold premises by
failure of
Lessee to pay utility bills shall be at the expense of the Lessee. Lessee
shall properly use
and operate all electrical, gas, heating, plumbing, and other fixtures and
appliances
supplied by the Lessor. Lessee agrees to pay for any and all damages caused
by flooding,
freezing, and broken pipes because of failure of Lessee to provide heat to
leasehold
premises during the winter months, and shall be repaired by the Lessor at
Lessee’s
expense without deduction for depreciation. Lessee shall properly dispose
from his/her
residence all rubbish, garbage, and other organic or flammable waste at
reasonable and
regular intervals, and assume all costs of refuse removal, extermination
and fumigation
for infestation caused by Lessee. Lessee shall keep all parts of the
leasehold premises
which he occupies and uses in a clean and sanitary condition at all times.

SEPARATE SERVICE: If any agent of Lessor renders any other services of any
nature for
or at the request of the Lessee, his family, employees, invitees, or
guests, then, for the
purposes of such service, such agent shall be deemed the agent of the
Lessee, regardless
of whether or not payment is arranged for such services, and Lessee agrees
to relieve
Lessor and hold Lessor harmless from any and all liability in connection
with such
service.

Solicitors are not permitted on the premises or part thereof.

LOCKS & KEYS: Lessee shall not change existing locks on leasehold premises
and no
additional locks shall be placed on doors of premises. Lessor shall have
the right to
replace and/or reconfigure locks without Notice in the event Lessee alters
existing locks.
Upon termination of this lease, the Lessee shall surrender to the Lessor
all keys to locks
on the premises, including but not limited to, mail box keys, storage keys,
laundry room
keys, garage keys, pool keys, recreational keys and/or cards.

CAR PARKING: Lessor shall provide car parking space per residence on site
to Lessee.
Lessor has granted Lessee this parking privilege for which the Lessee pays
no rent and
the Lessee has no right to loan, rent, or assign this parking space for use
by any other
person, Lessee shall park only that vehicle registered with the Lessor or
Lessor’s agent in
said space. All other vehicles will be towed at owner’s expense by towing
company
posted on site. Currently licensed passenger cars only are allowed to be
parked on site.
No all terrain vehicles, trucks, campers, trailers, boats, buses,
motorcycles, motor homes,
or any other motorized vehicles of any type or description are allowed
parked on site. No
storage of any vehicles allowed on site. Absolutely no maintenance or
repair of any kind
to vehicles allowed on site and no vehicles with flat tires or in any state
of disrepair,
whether visible or not, shall be allowed to park on site. No car washing on
site, except on
coin operated car wash stalls, if applicable.

SUBORDINATION: this lease is subordinate to all security interest which may
now or
hereafter affect the real property, of which the premises form a part, and
to all renewals,


modifications, consolidations, replacements, and extensions thereof. In
confirmation of
such subordination, Lessee shall execute promptly any certificate the
Lessor may request.
Lessee hereby constitutes and appoints Lessor as Lessee’s attorney-in-fact
to execute any
such certificate or certificates for and on Lessee’s behalf.

LESSOR LIABILITY: Except in cases of Lessor’s negligence or as otherwise
provided by
law, the Lessor shall not be liable to the Lessee, his/her family,
invitees, agents,
employees, or guests for any damage to persons or property caused by act or
omissions of
other Lessees or other persons, whether such persons be off the property of
Lessor or on
the property with or without permission of Lessor, nor shall Lessor be
liable for losses or
damage from theft, fire, water, rain, storm, explosion, sonic boom, or
other cause
whatsoever; nor, to the extent allowed by law, shall Lessor be liable for
losses or
damages from failure, interruption or malfunction in the utilities provided
to Lessee
under this lease; nor, to the extent allowed by law, shall Lessor be liable
for injuries in or
around the recreational facilities or elsewhere on the premises. Further,
Lessor shall not
be liable, except as provided by law, for any defects in the premises or
damage caused by
such defects, if the defects are unknown to the Lessor. Lessee agrees to
obtain personal
property and Renter’s insurance for the benefit of Lessee and Lessor as an
addition
coinsured.

LESSOR ENTRY RIGHTS: The Lessee shall not unreasonably withhold consent
from the
Lessor to enter the leasehold premises in order to inspect the premises,
make necessary or
agreed repairs, alterations or improvements, supply necessary or agreed
services, or
exhibit the leasehold premises to prospective or actual purchasers,
mortgages, Lessees,
workmen, or contractors. The Lessee hereby consents to entry and the Lessor
or Lessor’s
agent may enter the leasehold premises without the further consent of the
Lessee in case
of suspected emergency or abandonment, or with two (2) days notice per RCW
59.18.150, or such shorter time as allowed by law. Lessor agrees to provide
a telephone
number for contact when issuing Notice of Intent to Enter.

WAIVER: Waiver by the Lessor of any breach of any covenant or duty under
this lease is
not a waiver of a breach or any other covenant or duty by the Lessee, or of
any
subsequent breach of the same covenant or duty. Lessor’s acceptance of rent
after issuing
a notice of default shall not be construed as a waiver of said notice of
default other than
the Lessee’s failure to pay that portion of the particular rent so
accepted.

SUBLETTING/ASSIGNMENT: The Lessee shall not assign this lease, sublet, or
allow any
other person to occupy the premises hereby leased or any part of his/her
interest thereof,
without the prior written consent of the Lessor and the payment of an
assignment fee in
an amount equal to one (1) month’s rent. The fee and required information
is due to
Lessor at the time of request to sublet from the Lessee. Lessor has no duty
to consent to
assignment and/or sublease. The Lessor reserves the right to assign his/her
interest in this
lease, and sums received hereunder, on sale or release of leasehold
premises.

NOTICE TO TERMINATE: At the expiration of the original term of this lease
and a
continued mutually agreed month-to-month tenancy of Lessee, the tenancy
agreement


must be terminated by written notice delivered to the Lessor, or Lessor’s
agent, twenty
(20) days or more before the next rent paying period consistent with RCW
59.18.200.
The written twenty (20) days notice must be in the hands of the Lessor, or
Lessor’s agent,
on or before the tenth (10th) day of the month stating Lessee will be
vacating the
leasehold premises the last day of the month. Lessee agrees to pay rent and
utilities for
the entire last month of tenancy. A written twenty (20) day notice to
vacate received by
Lessor, or Lessor’s agent less than (20) twenty days prior to the first day
of the next rental
period is not valid and Lessee is obligated for the next month’s full rent
and utilities.
Lessee shall not vacate or abandon the premises at any time during the
lease term; and if
Lessee does abandon, vacate, or surrender said premises, or be dispossessed
by process
of law, or otherwise, any personal property belonging to Lessee and left on
the
premises shall be deemed to be abandoned, at the option of the Lessor.
Lessee is
responsible for all advertising costs to re-rent leasehold premises and for
all costs to re-
rent said leasehold. Lessee is responsible for all rents and all utilities
until such re-rent.

VIOLATION: Lessee has a duty to supervise and control the conduct of
Lessee’s family,
guests, and agents. Violation by the Lessee, his/her family, invitees,
guests, employees,
and agents of any of the terms of this lease shall be deemed as a violation
by Lessee and
shall give the Lessor the right to terminate the lease and commence
eviction proceedings
as provided for by law.

FEES, ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS: If, by any reason of any default on the part
of the
Lessee, it becomes necessary for the Lessor to issue a 3-Day Notice to Pay
Rent or Quit,
or a 10-Day Notice to Conform to the Lease, or any notice, then Lessee
shall pay a
$40.00 fee as additional rent to the Lessor for the issuance, service, and
mailing of said
3-Day Notice, 10-Day Notice, or any notice. Said fee is due at the issuance
of any notice.
If, by reason of any default or breach on the part of either party in the
performance of this
agreement, a legal action is instituted the losing party agrees to pay the
prevailing party
all reasonable costs and attorney’s fees in connection therewith. It is
agreed that the
venue of any legal action brought under the terms of this lease shall be
commenced and
maintained in the County where the leasehold premises is situated
regardless of Lessee’s
residence or place of business. If Lessee terminates lease prior to lease
expiration date or
without proper notice being given after expiration and term is month-to-
month, Lessee
shall be responsible for any and all advertising costs, plus all other
costs to re-rent said
leasehold in addition to all rents and utilities due under said lease.

LEASE: This lease, with written addendums hereto, represents the entire
agreement between
Lessor and Lessee and no other representations shall be binding or valid.
Any
modification to the lease must be in writing and executed by Lessor and
Lessee, as the
agent does not have authority to bind the Lessor unless the same is reduced
to writing.
The Lessor’s agent has no authority to modify the term and covenants of
this lease, the
only authority the agent has is to fill in the blanks as indicated on the
lease. If any term,
conveyance, or condition of this lease agreement is found to be void or
unenforceable by


reason of law, the remaining portions of this lease shall sever and
survive, remaining in
full force and effect.

ADDENDUMS ARE ATTACHED HERETO AND INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE.
a) Smoke Detector
b) Lead Paint Reduction Act, including “Protect Your Family from Lead in
Your Home”
c) EPA Mold Addendum-“Mold Moisture and Your Home”
d) House/Duplex Rules
e) ______________________________________________
f) ______________________________________________


Lessor maintains an address/agent in the county where the premises is
situated. Lessor/Agent
Name and address for receipt of rent and/or Notice:
[LESSOR-NAME]
[LESSOR-ADDRESS]


Lessee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of this agreement and property
condition checklist.
Lessee may request one free replacement copy of the lease during tenancy.
_[LESSEE-INITIAL]_ Please Initial



