

                        Residential Contract of Sale


Contract of Sale made as of [DATE] between [SELLER], Address: [FULL
ADDRESS], Social Security Number/ Fed. I.D. No(s): [SSN], hereinafter
called “Seller” and [BUYER], Address: [FULL ADDRESS], Social Security
Number/ Fed. I.D. No(s): [SSN], hereinafter called “Purchaser”.


The parties hereby agree as follows:


1.    Premises.


Seller shall sell and convey and Purchaser shall purchase the property,
together with all buildings and improvements thereon (collectively the
“Premises”), more fully described on a separate page marked “Schedule A”,
annexed hereto and made a part hereof and also known as: [PROPERTY NAME]
Street Address: [ADDRESS]. Tax Map Designation: [REFERENCE].


Together with Seller’s ownership and rights, if any, to land lying in the
bed of any street or highway, opened or proposed, adjoining the Premises to
the center line thereof, including any right of Seller to any unpaid award
by reason of any taking by condemnation and/or for any damage to the
Premises by reason of change of grade of any street or highway. Seller
shall deliver at no additional cost to Purchaser, at Closing (as
hereinafter defined), or thereafter, on demand, any documents that
Purchaser may reasonably require for the conveyance of such title and the
assignment and collection of such award or damages.


2.    Personal Property.


This sale also includes all fixtures and articles of personal property now
attached or appurtenant to the Premises, unless specifically excluded
below. Seller represents and warrants that at Closing they will he paid for
and owned by Seller, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except
any existing mortgage to which this sale may be subject. They include, but
are not limited to, plumbing, heating, lighting and cooking fixtures,
chandeliers, bathroom and kitchen cabinets and counters, mantels, door
mirrors, switch plates and door hardware, venetian blinds, window
treatments, shades, screens, awnings, storm windows, storm doors, window
boxes, mail box, TV aerials, weather vane, flagpole, pumps, shrubbery,
fencing, outdoor statuary, tool shed, dishwasher, washing machine, clothes
dryer, garbage disposal unit, range, oven, built-in microwave oven,
refrigerator, freezer, air conditioning equipment and installations, wall
to wall carpeting and built ins not excluded below [[strike out
inapplicable items]].


Excluded from this sale are furniture and household furnishings and [OTHER
EXCLUDED ITEMS].


3.    Purchase Price. The purchase price is [AMOUNT IN LETTERS]
($[AMOUNT]), payable as follows:


(a)    on the signing of this contract, by Purchaser’s good check payable
to the Escrowee (as hereinafter defined), subject to collection, the
receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, to be held in escrow pursuant to
paragraph 6 of this contract (the “Downpayment”): $[AMOUNT].


(b)    by allowance for the principal amount unpaid on the existing
mortgage on the date hereof, payment of which Purchaser shall assume by
joinder in the deed: $[AMOUNT].


(c)    by a purchase money note and mortgage from Purchaser to Seller:
$[AMOUNT].


(d)    balance at Closing in accordance with paragraph 7: $[AMOUNT].


4.    Existing Mortgage. (Delete if inapplicable) If this sale is subject
to an existing mortgage as indicated in paragraph 3(b) above:


(a)    The Premises shall be conveyed subject to the continuing lien of the
existing mortgage, which is presently payable, with interest at the rate of
[INTEREST] percent per annum, in monthly installments of $[AMOUNT] which
include principal, interest and escrow amounts, if any, and with any
balance of principal being due and payable on [RECURRING DATE].


(b)    To the extent that any required payments are made on the existing
mortgage between the date hereof and Closing which reduce the unpaid
principal amount thereof below the amount shown in paragraph 3(b), then the
balance of the price payable at Closing under paragraph 3(d) shall be
increased by the amount of the payments of principal. Seller represents and
warrants that the amount shown in paragraph 3(b) is substantially correct
and agrees that only payments required by the existing mortgage will be
made between the date hereof and Closing.


(c)    If there is a mortgagee escrow account, Seller shall assign it to
Purchaser, if it can be assigned, and in that case Purchaser shall pay the
amount in the escrow account to Seller at Closing.


(d)    Seller shall deliver to Purchaser at Closing a certificate dated not
more than [30] days before Closing signed by the holder of the existing
mortgage, in form for recording, certifying the amount of the unpaid
principal, the date to which interest has been paid and the amounts, if
any, claimed to be unpaid for principal and interest, itemizing the same.
Seller shall pay the fees for recording such certificate. If the holder of
the existing mortgage is a bank or other institution as defined in Section
274 a of the Real Property Law it may, instead of the certificate, furnish
a letter signed by a duly authorized officer, employee or agent, dated not
more than 30 days before Closing, containing the same information.


(e)    Seller represents and warrants that (i) Seller has delivered to
Purchaser true and complete copies of the existing mortgage, the note
secured thereby and any extensions and modifications thereof, (ii) the
existing mortgage is not now, and at the time of Closing will not be, in
default, and (iii) the existing mortgage does not contain any provision
that permits the holder of the mortgage to require its immediate payment in
full or to change any other term thereof by reason of the sale or
conveyance of the Premises.


5.    Purchase Money Mortgage. (Delete if inapplicable) If there is to be a
purchase money mortgage as indicated in paragraph 3(c) above:


(a)    The purchase money note and mortgage shall be drawn by the attorney
for Seller in the form attached or, if not, in the standard form adopted by
the New York State Land Title Association. Purchaser shall pay at Closing
the mortgage recording tax, recording fees and the attorney’s fees in the
amount of $[FEE] for its preparation.


(b)    The purchase money note and mortgage shall also provide that it is
subject and subordinate to the lien of the existing mortgage and any
extensions, modifications, replacements or consolidations of the existing
mortgage, provided that (i) the interest rate thereof shall not be greater
than [INTEREST] percent per annum and the total debt service thereunder
shall not be greater than $[AMOUNT] per annum, and (ii) if the principal
amount thereof shall exceed the amount of principal owing and unpaid on the
existing mortgage at the time of placing such new mortgage or consolidated
mortgage, the excess be paid to the holder of such purchase money mortgage
in reduction of the principal thereof. The purchase money mortgage shall
also provide that such payment to the holder thereof shall not alter or
affect the regular installments, if any, of principal payable thereunder
and that the holder thereof will, on demand and without charge therefor,
execute, acknowledge and deliver any agreement or agreements further to
effectuate such subordination.


6.    Downpayment in Escrow.


(a) Seller’s attorney (“Escrowee”) shall hold the Downpayment in escrow in
a segregated bank account at [BANK], address: [ADDRESS], until Closing or
sooner termination of this contract and shall pay over or apply the
Downpayment in accordance with the terms of this paragraph. Escrowee shall
hold the Downpayment in a(n) [INTEREST-]bearing account for the benefit of
the parties. If interest is held for the benefit of the parties, it shall
be paid to the party entitled to the Downpayment and the party receiving
the interest shall pay any income taxes thereon. If interest is not held
for the benefit of the parties, the Downpayment shall be placed in an IOLA
account or as otherwise permitted or required by law. The Social Security
or Federal Identification numbers of the parties shall be furnished to
Escrowee upon request. At Closing, the Downpayment shall be paid by
Escrowee to Seller. If for any reason Closing does not occur and either
party gives Notice (as defined in paragraph 25) to Escrowee demanding
payment of the Downpayment, Escrowee shall give prompt Notice to the other
party of such demand. If Escrowee does not receive Notice of objection from
such other party to the proposed payment within [10] business days after
the giving of such Notice, Escrowee is hereby authorized and directed to
make such payment. If Escrowee does receive such Notice of objection within
such 10 day period or if for any other reason Escrowee in good faith shall
elect not to make such payment, Escrowee shall continue to hold such amount
until otherwise directed by Notice from the parties to this contract or a
final, nonappealable judgment, order or decree of a court. However,
Escrowee shall have the right at any time to deposit the Downpayment and
the interest thereon with the clerk of a court in the county in which the
Premises are located and shall give Notice of such deposit to Seller and
Purchaser. Upon such deposit or other disbursement in accordance with the
terms of this paragraph, Escrowee shall be relieved and discharged of all
further obligations and responsibilities hereunder.


(b)    The parties acknowledge that Escrowee is acting solely as a
stakeholder at their request and for their convenience and that Escrowee
shall not be liable to either party for any act or omission on its part
unless taken or suffered in bad faith or in willful disregard of this
contract or involving gross negligence on the part of Escrowee. Seller and
Purchaser jointly and severally (with right of contribution) agree to
defend (by attorneys selected by Escrowee), indemnify and hold Escrowee
harmless from and against all costs, claims and expenses (including
reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with the performance of
Escrowee’s duties hereunder, except with respect to actions or omissions
taken or suffered by Escrowee in bad faith or in willful disregard of this
contract or involving gross negligence on the part of Escrowee.


(c)    Escrowee may act or refrain from acting in respect of any matter
referred to herein in full reliance upon and with the advice of counsel
which may be selected by it (including any member of its firm) and shall be
fully protected in so acting or refraining from action upon the advice of
such counsel.


(d)    Escrowee acknowledges receipt of the Downpayment by check subject to
collection and Escrowee’s agreement to the provisions of this paragraph by
signing in the place indicated on the signature page of this contract.


(e)    Escrowee or any member of its firm shall be permitted to act as
counsel for Seller in any dispute as to the disbursement of the Downpayment
or any other dispute between the parties whether or not Escrowee is in
possession of the Downpayment and continues to act as Escrowee.


(f)    The party whose attorney is Escrowee shall be liable for loss of the
Downpayment.


7.    Acceptable Funds. All money payable under this contract, unless
otherwise specified, shall be paid by:


(a)    Cash, but not over $[1,000.00];


(b)    Good certified check of Purchaser drawn on or official check issued
by any bank, savings bank, trust company or savings and loan association
having a banking office in the State of New York, unendorsed and payable to
the order of Seller, or as Seller may otherwise direct upon reasonable
prior notice (by telephone or otherwise) to Purchaser;


(c)    As to money other than the purchase price payable to Seller at
Closing, uncertified check of Purchaser up to the amount of $[AMOUNT]; and


(d)    As otherwise agreed to in writing by Seller or Seller’s attorney.


8.    Mortgage Commitment Contingency. [DELETE PARAGRAPH IF INAPPLICABLE]


(a)    The obligation of Purchaser to purchase under this contract is
conditioned upon issuance, on or before [X] days after a fully executed
copy of this contract is given to Purchaser or Purchaser’s attorney in the
manner set forth in paragraph 25 or subparagraph 8(k) (the “Commitment
Date”), of a written commitment from an Institutional Lender pursuant to
which such Institutional Lender agrees to make a first mortgage loan, other
than a VA, FHA or other governmentally insured loan, to Purchaser, at
Purchaser's sole cost and expense, of $[AMOUNT] for a term of at least
[{X]] years (or such lesser sum or shorter term as Purchaser shall be
willing to accept) at the prevailing fixed or adjustable rate of interest
and on other customary commitment terms (the “Commitment”). To the extent a
Commitment is conditioned on the sale of Purchaser’s current home, payment
of any outstanding debt, no material adverse change in Purchaser’s
financial condition or any other customary conditions, Purchaser accepts
the risk that such conditions may not be met; however, a commitment
conditioned on the Institutional Lender’s approval of an appraisal shall
not be deemed a “Commitment” hereunder until an appraisal is approved (and
if that does not occur before the Commitment Date, Purchaser may cancel
under subparagraph 8(e) unless the Commitment Date is extended).
Purchaser’s obligations hereunder are conditioned only on issuance of a
Commitment. Once a Commitment is issued, Purchaser is bound under this
contract even if the lender fails or refuses to fund the loan for any
reason.


(b)    Purchaser shall (i) make prompt application to one or, at
Purchaser’s election, more than one Institutional Lender for such mortgage
loan, (ii) furnish accurate and complete information regarding Purchaser
and members of Purchaser’s family, as required, (iii) pay all fees, points
and charges required in connection with such application and loan, (iv)
pursue such application with diligence, and (v) cooperate in good faith
with such Institutional Lender(s) to obtain a Commitment. Purchaser shall
accept a Commitment meeting the terms set forth in subparagraph 8(a) and
shall comply with all requirements of such Commitment (or any other
commitment accepted by Purchaser). Purchaser shall furnish Seller with a
copy of the Commitment promptly after receipt thereof.


(c)    [[Delete this subparagraph if inapplicable]] Prompt submission by
Purchaser of an application to a mortgage broker registered pursuant to
Article 12 D of the New York Banking Law (“Mortgage Broker”) shall
constitute full compliance with the terms and conditions set forth in
subparagraph 8(b)(i), provided that such Mortgage Broker promptly submits
such application to such Institutional Lender(s). Purchaser shall cooperate
in good faith with such Mortgage Broker to obtain a Commitment from such
Institutional Lender(s).


(d)    If all Institutional Lenders to whom applications were made deny
such applications in writing prior to the Commitment Date, Purchaser may
cancel this contract by giving Notice thereof to Seller, with a copy of
such denials, provided that Purchaser has complied with all its obligations
under this paragraph 8.


(e)    If no Commitment is issued by the Institutional Lender on or before
the Commitment Date, then, unless Purchaser has accepted a written
commitment from an Institutional Lender that does not conform to the terms
set forth in subparagraph 8(a), Purchaser may cancel this contract by
giving Notice to Seller within 5 business days after the Commitment Date,
provided that such Notice includes the name and address of the
Institutional Lender(s) to whom application was made and that Purchaser has
complied with all its obligations under this paragraph 8.


(f)    If this contract is canceled by Purchaser pursuant to subparagraphs
8(d) or (e), neither party shall thereafter have any further rights
against, or obligations or liabilities to, the other by reason of this
contract, except that the Downpayment shall be promptly refunded to
Purchaser and except as set forth in paragraph 27.


(g)    If Purchaser fails to give timely Notice of cancellation or if
Purchaser accepts a written commitment from an Institutional Lender that
does not conform to the terms set forth in subparagraph 8(a), then
Purchaser shall be deemed to have waived Purchaser’s right to cancel this
contract and to receive a refund of the Downpayment by reason of the
contingency contained in this paragraph 8.


(h)    If Seller has not received a copy of a commitment from an
Institutional Lender accepted by Purchaser by the Commitment Date, Seller
may cancel this contract by giving Notice to Purchaser within 5 business
days after the Commitment Date, which cancellation shall become effective
unless Purchaser delivers a copy of such commitment to Seller within 10
business days after the Commitment Date. After such cancellation neither
party shall have any further rights against, or obligations or liabilities
to, the other by reason of this contract, except that the Downpayment shall
be promptly refunded to Purchaser (provided Purchaser has complied with all
of its obligations under this paragraph 8) and except as set forth in
paragraph 27.


(i)    The attorneys for the parties are hereby authorized to give and
receive on behalf of their clients all Notices and deliveries under this
paragraph 8.


(j)    For purposes of this contract, the term “Institutional Lender” shall
mean any bank, savings bank, private banker, trust company, savings and
loan association, credit union or similar banking institution whether
organized under the laws of this state, the United States or any other
state; foreign banking corporation licensed by the Superintendent of Banks
of New York or regulated by the Comptroller of the Currency to transact
business in New York State; insurance company duly organized or licensed to
do business in New York State; mortgage banker licensed pursuant to Article
12-D of the Banking Law; and any instrumentality created by the United
States or any state with the power to make mortgage loans.


(k)    For purposes of subparagraph (a), Purchaser shall be deemed to have
been given a fully executed copy of this contract on the [THIRD] business
day following the date of ordinary or regular mailing, postage prepaid.


9.    Permitted Exceptions. The Premises are sold and shall be conveyed
subject to:


(a)    Zoning and subdivision laws and regulations, and landmark, historic
or wetlands designation, provided that they are not violated by the
existing buildings and improvements erected on the property or their use;


(b)    Consents for the erection of any structures on, under or above any
streets on which the Premises abut;


(c)    Encroachments of stoops, areas, cellar steps, trim and cornices, if
any, upon any street or highway;


(d)    Real estate taxes that are a lien, but are not yet due and payable;
and


(e)    The other matters, if any, including a survey exception, set forth
in a Rider attached.


10.    Governmental Violations and Orders.


(a) Seller shall comply with all notes or notices of violations of law or
municipal ordinances, orders or requirements noted or issued as of the date
hereof by any governmental department having authority as to lands,
housing, buildings, fire, health, environmental and labor conditions
affecting the Premises. The Premises shall be conveyed free of them at
Closing. Seller shall furnish Purchaser with any authorizations necessary
to make the searches that could disclose these matters.


(b)   [[Delete if inapplicable]] All obligations affecting the Premises
pursuant to the Administrative Code of the City of New York incurred prior
to Closing and payable in money shall be discharged by Seller at or prior
to Closing.


11.    Seller’s Representations.


(a) Seller represents and warrants to Purchaser that:


(i)    The Premises abut or have a right of access to a public road;


(ii)    Seller is the sole owner of the Premises and has the full right,
power and authority to sell, convey and transfer the same in accordance
with the terms of this contract;


(iii)    Seller is not a “foreign person”, as that term is defined for
purposes of the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, Internal
Revenue Code (“IRC”) Section 1445, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder (collectively “FIRPTA”);


(iv)    The Premises are not affected by any exemptions or abatements of
taxes; and


(v)    Seller has been known by no other name for the past ten years,
except [NAME].


(b)    Seller covenants and warrants that all of the representations and
warranties set forth in this contract shall be true and correct at Closing.


(c)    Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this contract, none of
Seller’s covenants, representations, warranties or other obligations
contained in this contract shall survive Closing.


12.    Condition of Property.


Purchaser acknowledges and represents that Purchaser is fully aware of the
physical condition and state of repair of the Premises and of all other
property included in this sale, based on Purchaser’s own inspection and
investigation thereof, and that Purchaser is entering into this contract
based solely upon such inspection and investigation and not upon any
information, data, statements or representations, written or oral, as to
the physical condition, state of repair, use, cost of operation or any
other matter related to the Premises or the other property included in the
sale, given or made by Seller or its representatives, and shall accept the
same “as is” in their present condition and state of repair, subject to
reasonable use, wear, tear and natural deterioration between the date
hereof and the date of Closing (except as otherwise set forth in paragraph
16(e)), without any reduction in the purchase price or claim of any kind
for any change in such condition by reason thereof subsequent to the date
of this contract. Purchaser and its authorized representatives shall have
the right, at reasonable times and upon reasonable notice (by telephone or
otherwise) to Seller, to inspect the Premises before Closing.


13.    Insurable Title.


Seller shall give and Purchaser shall accept such title as [INSURANCE]
shall be willing to approve and insure in accordance with its standard form
of title policy approved by the New York State Insurance Department,
subject only to the matters provided for in this contract.


14.    Closing, Deed and Title.


(a) “Closing” means the settlement of the obligations of Seller and
Purchaser to each other under this contract, including the payment of the
purchase price to Seller, and the delivery to Purchaser of a deed in proper
statutory short form for record, duly executed and acknowledged, so as to
convey to Purchaser fee simple title to the Premises, free of all
encumbrances, except as otherwise herein stated. The deed shall contain a
covenant by Seller as required by subd. 5 of Section 13 of the Lien Law.


(b)    If Seller is a corporation, it shall deliver to Purchaser at the
time of Closing (i) a resolution of its Board of Directors authorizing the
sale and delivery of the deed, and (ii) a certificate by the Secretary or
Assistant Secretary of the corporation certifying such resolution and
setting forth facts showing that the transfer is in conformity with the
requirements of Section 909 of the Business Corporation Law. The deed in
such case shall contain a recital sufficient to establish compliance with
that Section.


15.    Closing Date and Place.


Closing shall take place at the office of [NAME] at [HOUR] o’clock on
[DATE] or, upon reasonable notice (by telephone or otherwise) by Purchaser,
at the office of [NAME].


16.    Conditions to Closing.


This contract and Purchaser’s obligation to purchase the Premises are also
subject to and conditioned upon the fulfillment of the following conditions
precedent:


(a)    The accuracy, as of the date of Closing, of the representations and
warranties of Seller made in this contract.


(b)    The delivery by Seller to Purchaser of a valid and subsisting
Certificate of Occupancy or other required certificate of compliance, or
evidence that none was required, covering the building(s) and all of the
other improvements located on the property authorizing their use as a
family dwelling at the date of Closing.


(c)    The delivery by Seller to Purchaser of a certificate stating that
Seller is not a foreign person, which certificate shall be in the form then
required by FIRPTA or a withholding certificate from the Internal Revenue
Service. If Seller fails to deliver the aforesaid certificate or if
Purchaser is not entitled under FIRPTA to rely on such certificate,
Purchaser shall deduct and withhold from the purchase price a sum equal to
10% thereof (or any lesser amount permitted by law) and shall at Closing
remit the withheld amount with the required forms to the Internal Revenue
Service.


(d)    The delivery of the Premises and all building(s) and improvements
comprising a part thereof in broom clean condition, vacant and free of
leases or tenancies, together with keys to the Premises.


(e)    All plumbing (including water supply and septic systems, if any),
heating and air conditioning, if any, electrical and mechanical systems,
equipment and machinery in the building(s) located on the property and all
appliances which are included in this sale being in working order as of the
date of Closing.


(f)    If the Premises are a one or two family house, delivery by the
parties at Closing of affidavits in compliance with state and local law
requirements to the effect that there is installed in the Premises a smoke
detecting alarm device or devices.


(g)    The delivery by the parties of any other affidavits required as a
condition of recording the deed.


17.    Deed Transfer and Recording Taxes.


At Closing, certified or official bank checks payable to the order of the
appropriate State, City or County officer in the amount of any applicable
transfer and/or recording tax payable by reason of the delivery or
recording of the deed or mortgage, if any, shall be delivered by the party
required by law or by this contract to pay such transfer and/or recording
tax, together with any required tax returns duly executed and sworn to, and
such party shall cause any such checks and returns to be delivered to the
appropriate officer promptly after Closing. The obligation to pay any
additional tax or deficiency and any interest or penalties thereon shall
survive Closing.


18.    Apportionments and Other Adjustments; Water Meter and Installment
Assessments.


(a) To the extent applicable, the following shall be apportioned as of
midnight of the day before the day of Closing: (i) taxes, water charges and
sewer rents, on the basis of the fiscal period for which assessed; (ii)
fuel; (iii) interest on the existing mortgage; (iv) premiums on existing
transferable insurance policies and renewals of those expiring prior to
Closing; (v) vault charges; (vi) rents as and when collected.


(b)    If Closing shall occur before a new tax rate is fixed, the
apportionment of taxes shall be upon the basis of the tax rate for the
immediately preceding fiscal period applied to the latest assessed
valuation.


(c)    If there is a water meter on the Premises, Seller shall furnish a
reading to a date not more than 30 days before Closing and the unfixed
meter charge and sewer rent, if any, shall be apportioned on the basis of
such last reading.


(d)    If at the date of Closing the Premises are affected by an assessment
which is or may become payable in annual installments, and the first
installment is then a lien, or has been paid, then for the purposes of this
contract all the unpaid installments shall be considered due and shall be
paid by Seller at or prior to Closing.


(e)    Any errors or omissions in computing apportionments or other
adjustments at Closing shall be corrected within a reasonable time
following Closing. This subparagraph shall survive Closing.


19.    Allowance for Unpaid Taxes, etc.


Seller has the option to credit Purchaser as an adjustment to the purchase
price with the amount of any unpaid taxes, assessments, water charges and
sewer rents, together with any interest and penalties thereon to a date not
less than five business days after Closing, provided that official bills
therefor computed to said date are produced at Closing.


20.    Use of Purchase Price to Remove Encumbrances.


If at Closing there are other liens or encumbrances that Seller is
obligated to pay or discharge, Seller may use any portion of the cash
balance of the purchase price to pay or discharge them, provided Seller
shall simultaneously deliver to Purchaser at Closing instruments in
recordable form and sufficient to satisfy such liens or encumbrances of
record, together with the cost of recording or filing said instruments. As
an alternative Seller may deposit sufficient monies with the title
insurance company employed by Purchaser acceptable to and required by it to
assure their discharge, but only if the title insurance company will insure
Purchaser’s title clear of the matters or insure against their enforcement
out of the Premises and will insure Purchaser’s Institutional Lender clear
of such matters. Upon reasonable prior notice (by telephone or otherwise),
Purchaser shall provide separate certified or official bank checks as
requested to assist in clearing up these matters.


21.    Title Examination; Seller’s Inability to Convey; Limitations of
Liability.


(a) Purchaser shall order an examination of title in respect of the
Premises from a title company licensed or authorized to issue title
insurance by the New York State Insurance Department or any agent for such
title company promptly after the execution of this contract or, if this
contract is subject to the mortgage contingency set forth in paragraph 8,
after a mortgage commitment has been accepted by Purchaser. Purchaser shall
cause a copy of the title report and of any additions thereto to be
delivered to the attorney(s) for Seller promptly after receipt thereof.


(b)    (i) If at the date of Closing Seller is unable to transfer title to
Purchaser in accordance with this contract, or Purchaser has other valid
grounds for refusing to close, whether by reason of liens, encumbrances or
other objections to title or otherwise (herein collectively called
“Defects”), other than those subject to which Purchaser is obligated to
accept title hereunder or which Purchaser may have waived and other than
those which Seller has herein expressly agreed to remove, remedy or
discharge and if Purchaser shall be unwilling to waive the same and to
close title without abatement of the purchase price, then, except as
hereinafter set forth, Seller shall have the right, at Seller’s sole
election, either to take such action as Seller may deem advisable to
remove, remedy, discharge or comply with such Defects or to cancel this
contract; (ii) if Seller elects to take action to remove, remedy or comply
with such Defects, Seller shall be entitled from time to time, upon Notice
to Purchaser, to adjourn the date for Closing hereunder for a period or
periods not exceeding [60] days in the aggregate (but not extending beyond
the date upon which Purchaser’s mortgage commitment, if any, shall expire),
and the date for Closing shall be adjourned to a date specified by Seller
not beyond such period. If for any reason whatsoever, Seller shall not have
succeeded in removing, remedying or complying with such Defects at the
expiration of such adjournment(s), and if Purchaser shall still be
unwilling to waive the same and to close title without abatement of the
purchase price, then either party may cancel this contract by Notice to the
other given within 10 days after such adjourned date; (iii) notwithstanding
the foregoing, the existing mortgage (unless this sale is subject to the
same) and any matter created by Seller after the date hereof shall be
released, discharged or otherwise cured by Seller at or prior to Closing.


(c)    If this contract is cancelled pursuant to its terms, other than as a
result of Purchaser’s default, this contract shall terminate and come to an
end, and neither party shall have any further rights, obligations or
liabilities against or to the other hereunder or otherwise, except that:
(i) Seller shall promptly refund or cause the Escrowee to refund the
Downpayment to Purchaser and, unless cancelled as a result of Purchaser’s
default or pursuant to paragraph 8, to reimburse Purchaser for the net cost
of examination of title, including any appropriate additional charges
related thereto, and the net cost, if actually paid or incurred by
Purchaser, for updating the existing survey of the Premises or of a new
survey, and (ii) the obligations under paragraph 27 shall survive the
termination of this contract.


22.    Affidavit as to Judgments, Bankruptcies, etc.


If a title examination discloses judgments, bankruptcies or other returns
against persons having names the same as or similar to that of Seller,
Seller shall deliver an affidavit at Closing showing that they are not
against Seller.


23.    Defaults and Remedies.


(a) If Purchaser defaults hereunder, Seller’s sole remedy shall be to
receive and retain the Downpayment as liquidated damages, it being agreed
that Seller’s damages in case of Purchaser’s default might be impossible to
ascertain and that the Downpayment constitutes a fair and reasonable amount
of damages under the circumstances and is not a penalty.


(b)    If Seller defaults hereunder, Purchaser shall have such remedies as
Purchaser shall be entitled to at law or in equity, including, but not
limited to, specific performance.


24.    Purchaser’s Lien.


All money paid on account of this contract, and the reasonable expenses of
examination of title to the Premises and of any survey and survey
inspection charges, are hereby made liens on the Premises, but such liens
shall not continue after default by Purchaser under this contract.


25.    Notices.


Any notice or other communication (“Notice”) shall be in writing and either


(a)    sent by either of the parties hereto or by their respective
attorneys who are hereby authorized to do so on their behalf or by the
Escrowee, by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, or


(b)    delivered in person or by overnight courier, with receipt
acknowledged, to the respective addresses given in this contract for the
party and the Escrowee, to whom the Notice is to be given, or to such other
address as such party or Escrowee shall hereafter designate by Notice given
to the other party or parties and the Escrowee pursuant to this paragraph.
Each Notice mailed shall be deemed given on the third business day
following the date of mailing the same, except that any notice to Escrowee
shall be deemed given only upon receipt by Escrowee and each Notice
delivered in person or by overnight courier shall be deemed given when
delivered, or


(c)    with respect to paragraph 7(b) or 20, sent by fax to the party’s
attorney. Each notice by fax shall be deemed given when transmission is
confirmed by the sender's fax machine. A copy of each notice sent to a
party shall also be sent to the party's attorney. The attorneys for the
parties are hereby authorized to give and receive on behalf of their
clients all Notices and deliveries.


26.    No Assignment.


This contract may not be assigned by Purchaser without the prior written
consent of Seller in each instance and any purported assignment(s) made
without such consent shall be void.


27.    Broker.


Seller and Purchaser each represents and warrants to the other that it has
not dealt with any real estate broker in connection with this sale other
than [NAME] (“Broker”) and Seller shall pay Broker any commission earned
pursuant to a separate agreement between Seller and Broker. Seller and
Purchaser shall indemnify and defend each other against any costs, claims
and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of the
breach on their respective parts of any representation or agreement
contained in this paragraph. The provisions of this paragraph shall survive
Closing or, if Closing does not occur, the termination of this contract.


28.    Miscellaneous.


(a) All prior understandings, agreements, representations and warranties,
oral or written, between Seller and Purchaser are merged in this contract;
it completely expresses their full agreement and has been entered into
after full investigation, neither party relying upon any statement made by
anyone else that is not set forth in this contract.


(b)    Neither this contract nor any provision thereof may be waived,
changed or cancelled except in writing. This contract shall also apply to
and bind the heirs, distributes, legal representatives, successors and
permitted assigns of the respective parties. The parties hereby authorize
their respective attorneys to agree in writing to any changes in dates and
time periods provided for in this contract.


(c)    Any singular word or term herein shall also be read as in the plural
and the neuter shall include the masculine and feminine gender, whenever
the sense of this contract may require it.


(d)    The captions in this contract are for convenience of reference only
and in no way define, limit or describe the scope of this contract and
shall not be considered in the interpretation of this contract or any
provision hereof.


(e)    This contract shall not be binding or effective until duly executed
and delivered by Seller and Purchaser.


(f)    Seller and Purchaser shall comply with IRC reporting requirements,
if applicable. This subparagraph shall survive Closing.


(g)    Each party shall, at any time and from time to time, execute,
acknowledge where appropriate and deliver such further instruments and
documents and take such other action as may be reasonably requested by the
other in order to carry out the intent and purpose of this contract. This
subparagraph shall survive Closing.


(h)    This contract is intended for the exclusive benefit of the parties
hereto and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, shall not be for
the benefit of, and shall not create any rights in, or be enforceable by,
any other person or entity.


(i)    If applicable, the complete and fully executed disclosure of
information on lead based paint and/or lead based paint hazards is attached
hereto and made a part hereof.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this contract has been duly executed by the parties
hereto.


Seller                                                      Purchaser


[SELLER]                                                [PURCHASER]


Attorney for Seller:                            Attorney for Purchaser:


[NAME]                                                 [NAME]


Address:                                                  Address:


Tel.:                                                           Tel.:


Fax:                                                           Fax:


Receipt of the Downpayment is acknowledged and the undersigned agrees to
act in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 6 above.


 


Escrowee


 


PREMISES:


Section: __________


Block: __________


Lot: __________


County or Town: __________


Street No. Address: __________

