
                     RESTRICTED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT





This Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made as
of [DATE], by and between [COMPANY NAME] (the “Company”), a Delaware
corporation and [PURCHASER NAME] (“Purchaser”). Reference is hereby made to
the offer letter (the “Offer Letter”) dated as of even date hereof between
the Company and Purchaser, pursuant to which Purchaser shall enter into an
employment relationship (the “Relationship”) with the Company.


 


Section 1.  Issuance and Sale of Shares.  On the date hereof, subject to
the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company shall issue and
sell to Purchaser, and Purchaser agrees to receive from the
Company, [SHARES PURCHASED] shares of the Company’s common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the “Shares”). Such Shares shall be issued in book-entry
form and bear customary restrictive legends. As used herein, the term
“Shares” also includes any other securities, assets, interests, rights and
other consideration received by, issued to, or due to Purchaser in respect
of the Shares or into which the Shares are convertible or exchangeable,
pursuant to any dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, mergers,
acquisitions, reorganizations, exchanges or similar transactions.


Section 2.  Contribution of Assets.  In consideration for the Shares, the
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Purchaser hereby
contributes, sells, conveys, transfers and assigns to the Company, and the
Company hereby receives, effective as of the date hereof, all of
Purchaser’s right, title and interest in and to the assets listed
on Schedule 2.


Section 3.  Repurchase Option. 
   (a) Subject to the terms hereof, Purchaser hereby grants to the Company
an exclusive and irrevocable option (the “Repurchase Option”) to repurchase
100% of the Shares. Purchaser may not assign, sell, dispose of, transfer or
otherwise encumber any Shares that are subject to the Repurchase Option.


   (b)   1/4th of the total number of Shares shall be released from the
Repurchase Option on the one-year anniversary of this Agreement (such date,
the “Initial Vesting Date”). 1/48th of the total number of Shares shall be
released from the Repurchase Option on the 1st day of each month following
the Initial Vesting Date, until all Shares are released from the Repurchase
Option. Fractional Shares shall be rounded to the nearest whole Share.


   (c)   The Company may only exercise the Repurchase Option following
either (x) Purchaser’s voluntary termination of the Relationship or (y) the
termination of the Relationship for Cause by the Company. Following any
such termination, the Company may exercise the Repurchase Option, in part
or in whole, by:


   1. giving written notice to the Purchaser at any time within 6 months of
      such termination, specifying the number of Shares to be repurchased by
      the Company (such Shares, the “Repurchased Shares”); and
       
   2. delivering to Purchaser an amount in cash equal to the product of (x)
      the number of Repurchased Shares and (y) $0.001 per Share (as adjusted
      for any dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, mergers,
      acquisitions, reorganizations, exchanges or similar transactions).


Upon delivery to Purchaser of such notice and payment, the Company shall
immediately, and without further action by either Purchaser or the Company,
become the legal and beneficial owner of the Repurchased Shares and all
rights and interest therein or related thereto.


   (d)   For the purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” means:


   1. any material breach by Purchaser of this Agreement or the Offer
      Letter;
       
   2. any material failure by Purchaser to comply with the Company’s written
      policies or rules, as they may be in effect from time to time during
      the Relationship;
       
   3. Purchaser’s material and repeated failure to follow reasonable and
      lawful instructions from the Company;
       
   4. the commission, conviction of, or a plea of “guilty” or “no contest”
      to, a felony under the laws of the United States or any State by
      Purchaser;
       
   5. Purchaser’s misappropriation of funds or property of the Company;
       
   6. Purchaser’s material neglect of Purchaser’s duties;
       
   7. Any gross or wilful misconduct by Purchaser resulting in a loss to the
      Company or material damage to the reputation of the Company;
       
   8. Purchaser’s death; or
       
   9. Purchaser’s inability to perform the essential functions required of
      Purchaser by the Relationship with or without reasonable accommodation
      for a period of 180 consecutive days because a physical or mental
      impairment.


Section 4.  Right of First Refusal. 
   (a)   Before any Shares held by Purchaser may be sold or otherwise
transferred to a third-party, Purchaser must deliver to the Company a
written notice (each such notice a “Transfer Notice”) setting forth (i) the
number of Shares that Purchaser intends to sell or transfer (such shares,
the “Transfer Shares”); (ii) the name, address and contact information of
each proposed purchaser, transferee or recipient of the Transfer Shares
(each such party a “Proposed Transferee”); and (iii) a true, correct and
complete summary of the terms of such proposed sale or transfer, including
the amount and nature of the per-share consideration proposed to be paid by
each Proposed Transferee in respect of the Transfer Shares.


   (b)   At any time within 30 days of receipt of a Transfer Notice, the
Company may, at its option, by giving written notice to Purchaser, elect to
purchase all (but not less than all) of the Transfer Shares from Purchaser
on the same or equivalent terms and at a cash price equal to the
consideration to be paid by the Proposed Transferee for the Transfer Shares
as set forth in the Transfer Notice.


   (c)   If the Company does not elect to purchase the Transfer Shares
pursuant to Section 4(b), Purchaser may consummate the transaction set
forth in the Transfer Notice on terms no less favorable to Purchaser than
those set forth in such Transfer Notice, provided that (i) such transaction
must be consummated within 90 days following the date of the Transfer
Notice, and (ii) prior to such consummation, each Proposed Transferee must
agree in writing with the Company that the applicable provisions of this
Agreement shall apply to the Shares held by such Proposed Transferee.


   (d)   The provisions of this Section 4 shall not apply in respect of a
transfer of Shares to or among any members of the Purchaser’s Immediate
Family who agree in writing with the Company to be bound by the applicable
provisions of this Agreement in respect of such Shares. An “Immediate
Family” member of the Purchaser means any child, stepchild, grandchild,
parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, domestic partner,
sibling, niece, nephew, uncle, aunt, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-
law, daughter-in-law, brother- in-law or sister-in-law, including adoptive
relationships, of the Purchaser.


Section 5.  Validity.  Any sale or transfer of any Shares shall be void ab
initio unless made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, and the
Company shall refuse to give effect to any transfer made in contravention
of the terms of this Agreement.


Section 6.  IPO.  The provisions of Section 4 shall expire immediately upon
the consummation of a registered initial public offering of any class of
the Company’s equity securities. In connection with any such offering and
upon the request of the Company or the underwriters managing such offering,
Purchaser and any transferee or holder of any Shares shall enter into a
“lock-up” or similar agreement on customary terms and conditions.


Section 7.  Acceleration. 
   (a)   If Purchaser is Involuntarily Terminated by the Company, 1/3rd of
the total number of Purchaser’s Shares still subject to the Repurchase
Option as of the date of such Involuntary Termination shall be released
from the Repurchase Option, effective upon such Involuntary Termination.
For the purposes of this Agreement, Purchaser shall be deemed to have been
“Involuntarily Terminated” if (x) the Company (or successor entity, as
applicable) terminates the Relationship without Cause or (y) Purchaser
terminates the Relationship in connection with a material breach of the
Offer Letter or this Agreement by the Company.


   (b)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein,
immediately prior to the consummation of a Triggering Event, a number of
Shares equal to (x) the difference between the product of (A) the aggregate
number of Shares held by Purchaser (including Shares still subject to the
Repurchase Option) and (B) 0.75, and (y) the aggregate number of Shares
held by Purchaser that were previously released from the Repurchase Option
pursuant to Section 3(b), shall be released from the Repurchase Option,
effective immediately prior to the consummation of such Triggering Event
(unless the result of such formula is a negative number, in which case no
Shares shall be released from the Repurchase Option in connection with such
Triggering Event). Set forth onSchedule 7(a) are two hypothetical examples
of the operation of this Section 7(a). For the purposes of this Agreement,
“Triggering Event” means any of:


   1. the sale, lease, exchange, transfer or disposition of all or
      substantially all of the Company’s assets in one transaction or a
      series of related transactions to any person or group of persons
      (other than a transfer to a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company);
       
   2. any merger, consolidation or similar business combination involving
      the Company in which the Company is not the surviving corporation or
      entity (other than a merger in which holders of the Company’s capital
      stock immediately before such transaction have the same proportionate
      ownership of the capital stock of the surviving corporation
      immediately after the merger); or
       
   3. the approval by the Board of Directors or holders of capital stock of
      the Corporation of any plan or proposal for the Company’s liquidation
      or dissolution.


   (c)   If Purchaser is Involuntarily Terminated by the Company (or
successor entity, as applicable) within 12 months of the consummation of a
Triggering Event, all remaining Shares still subject to the Repurchase
Option shall be immediately released from the Repurchase Option, effective
upon the date of such Involuntary Termination.


Section 8.  Notices.  All notices, requests, claims, demands and other
communications under this Agreement shall be in writing (including
facsimile or e-mail transmission) and shall be deemed given upon receipt by
a party at the address appearing next to such party’s signature page hereto
(or at such other address for such party as such party shall specify by
like notice to the other party hereto).


Section 9.  Amendment; Termination; No Waiver.  No modification of or
amendment to this Agreement, nor any waiver of any rights under this
Agreement, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the parties to
this Agreement. This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by
the parties in writing. The failure by either party to enforce any rights
under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any rights of
such party. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and
not exclusive of any rights or remedies available at law.


Section 10.  Successors and Assigns.  The provisions of this Agreement
shall be binding and inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the
Company’s successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Purchaser
under this Agreement may only be assigned with the prior written consent of
the Company.


Section 11.  Governing Law.  This Agreement and all acts and transactions
pursuant hereto and the rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall
be governed, construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to principles of conflicts of law.


Section 12.  Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, together with the Offer
Letter, set forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties
relating to the subject matter thereof and supersedes all prior agreements
and understandings, both oral and written, between the parties with respect
to the subject matter thereof.


Section 13.  Severability.  If one or more provisions of this Agreement are
held to be unenforceable under applicable law, the remainder of the
provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and
shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby are not
affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such a
determination, the parties agree to renegotiate such provision in good
faith to attempt to give effect to the original intent of the Agreement to
the fullest extent possible.


Section 14.  Counterparts; Effectiveness.  This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the
same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument. This Agreement shall be deemed effective upon the date first
written above. No provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any
rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder upon any
person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and
permitted assigns and transferees.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be
duly executed as of the date first written above. 


[COMPANY NAME]


      Name:   [AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY NAME]


      Title:   [AUTHORIZED SIGNATORY TITLE]


   Address for notice:


   By e-mail to:


      [COMPANY NOTICE E-MAIL]


   With a hard-copy to:


      [COMPANY ADDRESS]


      


   PURCHASER


   [PURCHASER NAME]  


   Address for notice:


   By e-mail to:


      [PURCHASER E-MAIL]


   With a hard-copy to:


      [PURCHASER ADDRESS]


 


  


                                 Schedule 2


                             Contributed Assets


                             [[IP, CASH, ETC.]]


                                       


  


                                Schedule 7(a)


                         Operation of Section 7(a) 


