
This is a legally binding agreement. It is intended to promote household
harmony by clarifying the expectations and responsibilities of the
Homeowners and Tenant. The Owner shall provide a copy of this signed
document to the Tenant, as required by law.


Address of The Home


[HOME ADDRESS]


Parties


Owners


[OWNER NAMES]


Tenant


[TENANT NAME]


Start Date


This Agreement is entered on: [AGREEMENT DATE]


The Start Date of this lease is: [MOVE IN DATE]


Length of Agreement


Month-to-Month: The Agreement automatically is renewed on the 1st of every
month and ends on the last day of the month. The Tenant must provide 30
days written notice, signed by both parties, to cancel or change the
Agreement.


Rent


The Rent for the room is $900 per month


Rent is due on the 1st of each month. If the Start Date is after the first,
the first months rent is prorated for the remaining time of the month. For
the last month of the Tenant’s stay the full amount of rent is due.


Payment of Rent


Tenants shall pay Owner rent in advance on the 1st day of each month. If
that day falls on a weekend or legal holiday, the rent is due on the next
business day. Rent is payable only by:


   1. Online Payments with Dwolla. Dwolla is for transferring money from one
      bank account to another. Tenant can initiate transfers individually,
      or set up recurring transfers to Owner.
   2. Direct Deposit into the bank. Tenant can go to the bank and deposit
      the checks into Owners account. Or, transfers can be done remotely if
      Tenant's bank allows.
   3. Pay online with Amazon payments. payments.amazon.com
   4. PayPal. Tenant can choose to send money via PayPal's Personal Payment.


Move-In Costs


At the date this Agreement is entered on the Tenant owes the Owner the
first and lasts months rent and a security deposit of $200. The total Move-
In-Costs are $2000. This Agreement is not valid until the Move-In Costs are
paid to the Owner. The first months rent is non-refundable for any reasons,
regardless of if Tenant moves in.


Utilities & Monthly Bills due


PG&E is due every month in addition to rent. PG&E is first split between
the Apartment (due 40%) and the House (due 60%). PG&E is then divided into
shares equalling the total occupants of the House. The Tenant owes one
share of PG&E each month. Internet Access, EBMUD, and Waste Disposal are
paid by the Owner.


Conflict resolution


Each Tenant will strive to develop mutual cooperation with all other
Tenants. Should disagreements arise, each shall try to resolve the dispute
in good faith using clear communication. If disputes continue thereafter,
the Tenants agree to the following methods of conflict resolution:


   1. Decision by household consensus
   2. Binding mediation by impartial third party
   3. Decision by household majority vote
   4. Decision by Owner


Care and Cleaning


Tenants agree to keep the Home clean and sanitary and maintain its
condition, except for ordinary wear and tear. Tenants agree to meet every
two weeks to clean the House & front yard for one hour. Tenants agree to
rotate daily chores every two weeks. The daily chores can be determined by
the Tenants but must include kitchen floor cleaning, counter & stove-top
cleaning, putting away dishes, and removal of trash/recycling & compost.


Late Payment & Failure to Pay


Payment of Rent or Utilities more than 3 days after the due date will incur
a late fee of $4 each day late. For example, if rent is due on the 1st and
is paid on the 6th a late fee of $8 is due. Failure to pay rent or
Utilities will result in eviction under terms of Berkeley Law.


Guests


The Room shall be occupied only by the Tenant. If you have Guests staying
overnight for more than two nights in a row you have to ask permission from
the other Tenants and Owner. Occupancy by Guests for more than three days
in a single stay without Owner’s consent, shall be considered a breach of
this Agreement.


Room Alterations


Tenant is free to paint the walls and hang artworks, plants, mirrors,
pictures of past presidents, or anything they like to suit themselves. When
the Tenant leaves the Home or cancels this Agreement they must repair any
holes made in the walls and paint the patches, restoring the walls to their
condition upon move-in. If the Tenant leaves any holes in the walls or
leaves them painted a color the Owner deems unsuitable the cost of
repairing and repainting the room will come from the Tenant’s security
deposit.


Security Deposit


Tenants shall pay Owner a security deposit of the amount defined in the
Move-In Costs section. Owner may use the security deposit to remedy
Tenants’ default in the payment of rent, repair damages to the Home (except
for ordinary wear), to pay for removal of any items left behind after the
tenant moves out, to remove foul, offensive, or unfriendly odors left by
the Tenant, to remove boring artworks left by the Tenant, and to clean the
premises if necessary. Owner shall refund Tenants the balance of the
security deposit after such deductions within five (5) days after the
expiration of this Agreement. If deductions have been made, Owner shall
provide Tenants with an itemized account of each deduction including the
reasons for and the dollar amount of each deduction. Interest payments on
security deposits accrue as follows: Local law requires Owner to pay
Tenants interest payments on security deposits as outlined in Berkeley Law.


Tenant’s Stuff Left Behind


Tenant shall not leave any stuff behind when they move out. Some examples
of stuff the Tenant can’t leave behind: Anything, Beds, Desks, Clothing,
Dishes, Artwork, Vintage Collectables, Garbage, Hot-Dogs, Water-Sofas,
Pets, Guests, Notes, Bikes, & Hats. Any stuff the Tenant leaves behind
shall become property of the Owner. The Owner can and will immediately sell
the stuff, donate the stuff, or pay for the removal of the stuff with the
Tenants Security Deposit.


Drugs


No illegal drugs.


Smoking


No smoking within the House, the Apartment, or on any of the attached
patios or walkways.


Catastrophic Damage


If the Home is damaged or destroyed so it becomes uninhabitable, then
either Owner or Tenants shall have the right to terminate this Agreement
immediately, through written notice to the other party given within 15 days
of the damage. But, if the damage is caused by the conduct or negligence of
Tenants or Tenants’ guests or invitees, only the Owner shall have the right
to termination and Tenants shall be responsible for all losses, including,
but not limited to, damage and repair costs as well as loss of rental
income.


Owner Entry and Inspection


Tenants shall make the Home available to Owner or Owner’s agents for the
purposes of making repairs or improvements, or to supply agreed services or
show the premises to prospective buyers or tenants, or in case of
emergency. Except in case of emergency, Owner shall give Tenants reasonable
notice of intent to enter. For these purposes, twenty-four (24) hour
written notice shall be deemed reasonable, and reasonable hours shall be
defined as 9am to 8pm. Tenants shall not add, alter, or re-key any locks to
the premises.


Insurance Disclaimer


Tenants assume full responsibility for all personal property placed, stored
or located on or about the premises. Tenants’ personal property is not
insured by Owner. Owner recommends that Tenants obtain insurance to protect
against risk of loss from harm to Tenants’ personal property. Owner shall
not be responsible for any harm to Tenants’ property resulting from fire,
theft, burglary, strikes, riots, orders or acts of public authorities, acts
of nature or any other circumstance or event beyond Owner’s control.


Hold Harmless


Tenants expressly release Owner from any and all liability for any damages
or injury to Tenants, or any other person, or to any property, occurring on
the premises unless such damage is the direct result of the negligence or
unlawful act of Owner or Owner’s agents.


Smoke Detectors


The premises are equipped with a smoke detection device(s), and Tenants
shall be responsible for reporting any problems, maintenance or repairs to
Owner. Replacing batteries is the responsibility of Tenants.


Lead Based Paint Disclosure


Tenant acknowledge receipt of “Disclosure of Information on Lead-Based
Paint or Lead-Based Paint Hazards” from Owner/agent. (Required for homes
built before 1978) Available online at:


http://www.epa.gov/region07/citizens/pdf/lead_disclosure_form_rentals.pdf


Tenant acknowledges receipt of the pamphlet Protect Your Family from Lead
in Your Home (Required for homes built before 1978). Available online at:


http://www2.epa.gov/lead/protect-your-family-lead-your-home


Liquid Filled Furniture


Tenant shall not use or have any liquid-filled furniture in the Home.
Especially water-sofas.


Subletting


No portion of the premises shall be sublet nor this Agreement assigned
without the prior written consent of the Owner. Any attempted subletting or
assignment by Tenants shall, at the election of Owner, be an irremediable
breach of this Agreement and cause for immediate termination as provided
here and by law.


Individual Liability


Each tenant who signs this Agreement, whether or not said person is or
remains in the Home, shall be jointly and severally liable for the full
performance of each and every obligation of this Agreement.


Entire Agreement


This document is the Whole-Enchilada. This Agreement cannot be modified
except in writing and must be signed by all parties. Neither Owner nor
Tenants have made any promises or representations, other than those set
forth in this Agreement and those implied by law.


Definition of Terms


Owner


The Homeowners and Landlords, names are listed in the Parties section.


Tenant


The below signed person who is renting a room from the Owner. Name is
listed in the Parties section.


Home


The building and property at the address listed under Address of the Home
section.


Apartment


The two bedroom in-law unit with a separate entrance on the lowest floor of
the Home


House


The four bedroom two story unit of the Home with a street level entrance


Room


The room in the House the tenant is renting. One of four bedrooms of the
home.


Guests


Anyone you invite to the house who isn’t a Tenant or a Owner


Agreement


This contract and any addendums between the Owner and Tenant signed by both
parties


Whole-Enchilada


The entire Agreement between the Tenants and the Owner.

