
Letter of Intent


This Letter of Intent ("Agreement"), effective May 8, 2003, is between
International Media Acquisition Group, a Delaware limited liability
company, or its nominee ("AC"), and Ted Hartley (sometimes referred to as
"Hartley") and Dina Merrill (collectively with Hartley referred to as the
"Sellers").


This Agreement is made with reference to the following facts:


WHEREAS, RKO Pictures LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("RKO"), is
a motion picture and television development, financing, production and
distribution company.


WHEREAS, the Sellers own over ninety percent (90%) of the fully diluted
equity securities of RKO which are represented as membership interests.


WHEREAS, AC wishes to: (i) acquire 100% of the membership interests of RKO
from its members ("Members"); (ii) assure the continued participation of
Ted Hartley, Dina Merrill; and (iii) a provide working capital for the
ongoing business purposes of RKO.


NOW THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:


1. Total Capital Amount. The Total Capital Amount to be raised by AC in
connection with the purchase of the membership interests and the continued
operation of RKO shall be Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000). AC shall apply
such amount as follows:


1.1 Purchase Price to Members. At the Closing (as defined hereunder) an
amount equal to Five Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($5,500,000)
("Purchase Price") shall be paid to the Members in proportion to their
respective interest for the acquisition of one hundred percent (100%) of
the membership interests of RKO.


1.2 Working Capital. At the Closing, AC will also have on hand an amount
equal to Four Million Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($4,500,000) which
shall include: (a) Three Million Six Hundred Twenty Five Thousand Dollars
($3,625,000) in working capital ("Working Capital") to meet the ongoing
operating requirements of RKO (and which shall allow for up to One Hundred
Thousand Dollars ($100,000) to reimburse RKO for its legal fees associated
with the negotiation of this Agreement, the log form documents required to
be delivered hereunder and at the Closing, provided that if the transaction
does not close there is no obligation on the part of AC to pay such amount)
and (b) Eight Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($875,000) payable to
Hartley as provided in paragraph 3.2 below. AC agrees that (i) reasonably
prior to the Closing, it will demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of
Sellers that AC has sufficient funds to finance the working capital amount
as specified in this paragraph 1.2; and (ii) such working capital amount
shall have been contributed to RKO as of the Closing. AC agrees that the
Working Capital provided to RKO shall be used for the ongoing costs of RKO
and its subsidiary and affiliates, all in connection with entertainment
related endeavors, as AC shall see fit.


1.3 Mechanism for Transaction and Payment to Current Members. It is
anticipated that AC's acquisition of the membership interests of RKO will
be effected by a merger of RKO with an into ACT, in which event the
obligation of AC hereunder from and after the Closing shall be obligations
of AC as the surviving entity in the merger of RKO with an into AC. The
Purchase Price shall be paid at the closing (the "Closing") on the date of
closing (the "Closing Date") by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to the members of RKO or a designated representative thereof.


2. Board of Advisors. As of the Closing, AC will establish an International
Board of Advisors selected from luminaries in the media community worldwide
with a specific focus on an annul "white paper" resulting from the yearly
summit of these individuals. This board will generate much of RKO's long-
term strategic thinking. During the Term (as hereinafter defined), the
International Board of Advisors would be chaired by Ted Hartley who, with
the Chairman of RKO, would select the candidates to serve on the
international Board of Advisors. From time to time, the Chairman of RKO and
the Chairman of the International Board of Advisors will meet to discuss
issues relevant to the ongoing affairs of RKO and the industry as a whole.


3. Hartley Employment Agreement. Effective as of the Closing Date, AC shall
enter a non-exclusive (i.e. Hartley shall be providing non-exclusive
services to RKO) employment agreement with Hartley (the "Hartley
Agreement"), or his loan out company ("Hartley Co.") for the services of
Hartley, which agreement shall include the following terms:


3.1 Term. Three (3) years commencing on the Closing Date.


3.2 Cash Compensation. Eight Hundred Seventy Five Thousand Dollars
($875,000) (the "Hartley Advance"), payable as follows:


A. $125,000 on the Closing Date;


B. $250,000 in equal monthly installments during the first year of the
Term;


C. $250,000 in equal monthly installments during the second year of the
Term; and


D. $250,000 in equal monthly installments during the third year of the
Term.


The Hartley Advance shall be credited against producing fees earned by
Hartley on the Existing RKO Development Projects (as hereinafter defined)
selected by Hartley pursuant to Exhibit "A" that move into production. The
parties prior to completion of the Long Form Agreement shall discuss
additional Hartley perquisites.


3.3 Exhibit "A". See attached Exhibit "A" for additional terms to be
incorporated in the Hartley Agreement.


4. Hartley Co.- "Never Gonna Dance" and Other Broadway Plays. At the
Closing, Hartley Co. shall acquire and assume the liabilities of RKO
Independent Production, a wholly owned subsidiary of RKO, for the purpose
of exploiting "Never Gonna Dance" and other Broadway stage plays, in
consideration solely of Hartley Co.'s agreement to assume all of the
liabilities of RKO Independent Production.


4.1 "Never Gonna Dance". See Exhibit "A" attached hereto.


4.2 Turner Interest in RKO Grand Performing Rights. The parties hereto
agree that the production of any legitimate theatre project shall in all
cases be subject to Turner's interest and participation rights in the RKO
grand performing rights, as such terms has bee defined and used by RKO
since the purchase of RKO by the Sellers.


5. Warrants: At the Closing, Members shall receive warrants (the
"Warrants"), pro-rata as their interest appear as of the Closing, to
purchase an equity interest in the parent company of AC ("AC2"), which, in
the aggregate shall be exercisable into up to five percent (5 %) of the
issued and outstanding equity securities of AC2 on a fully diluted basis as
of the Closing. The Warrants shall be exercisable beginning on the first
anniversary of the Closing Date, and the unexercised Warrants shall expire
on the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date. The exercise price for
Warrants shall be equal to the "Periodic Multiple" multiplied by the
equivalent unit price of AC2 as of the Closing. The Periodic Multiples
shall be as follows:


Warrants exercised one year to two years after the Closing Date: 1.5


Warrants exercised two years to three years after the Closing Date: 1.75


Warrants exercised three years to four years after the Closing Date: 2.0


Warrants exercised four years to five years after the Closing Date: 2.5


All Warrants issued hereunder shall provide Hartley (or other holder) with
anti-dilution provisions equivalent to those that are customary in
transactions completed in connection with the investment in a public
company. Such anti-dilution provisions will be created to protect Hartley
(or other holder thereof) from the diminishment in the value of his (their)
underlying stock value, in the event that shares of AC2 were issued at
below market prices. In no event shall the anti-dilution provisions
provided to Hartley (or other holders) be any less favorable than the anti-
dilution provisions provided to the principals of AC2.


6. Conditions for Closing. At the Closing the parties agree to deliver and
execute mutually acceptable documents requested by the parties and their
respective counsel, which shall include, without limitation, the following:


6.1 Longform Acquisition Agreement. A longform merger agreement
incorporating the terms of this agreement, as well as representations and
indemnities by RKO concerning no material claims or litigation, material
contracts, no material adverse effect, as to tax matters and as to title
(in the nature of quitclaim), and other conditions mutually agreed by the
parties, together with all schedules and collateral documents.


6.2 Hartley Agreements. Employment agreement with Hartley and any other
employees approved by AC.


6.3 Transfer of Membership Interest. Documents confirming the transfer of
all membership interests of the members of RKO to AC.


6.4 "Never Gonna Dance". A definitive agreement with Hartley Co. regarding
the transactions described in Section 4 hereof.


6.5 Cancellation of Inter-Company/Members Debt. Documents evidencing that
the Inter-Company/Members debt as provided on the Balance Sheet has been
forgiven or, in the discretion of RKO, cancelled.


6.6 Legal Opinions. Legal opinions in a form to be negotiated in good faith
by the parties and reasonably acceptable to their respective counsel.


6.7 Board Resolutions. Resolutions approving the transaction for each of
the Boards of RKO and AC.


6.8 Consents. Any required consents to the transaction.


6.9 Due Diligence. Satisfactory results of AC's due diligence of RKO which
shall include, but not be limited to, the following:


A. Delivery of Information. RKO shall provide access to all documents and
information relating to this Agreement, including, without limitation,
those set forth in the Due Diligence List attached as Exhibit "B", which
shall include all documents in RKO's possession or control relating to (i)
the RKO trademarks, trade names, logos, domain names and other proprietary
brand features, (ii) the remake and sequel rights in what is commonly known
as the RKO library consisting of the underlying intellectual property
rights to approximately eight hundred (800) completed motion pictures (the
"RKO Library"), (iii) approximately eight hundred and fifty (850)
unproduced screenplays (the "RKO Unproduced Screenplays"), (iv)
approximately thirty (30) motion picture development projects (the
"Existing RKO Development Projects"), (v) the right to exploit for
commercial purposes certain archives of RKO which are maintained and housed
at UCLA (the "UCLA Archives"), (vi) all of its recent tax and financial
records, (vii) all current claims and litigation and (viii) all actual and
potential liabilities (collectively the "Due Diligence Documents").


B. Request for Additional Information/Documents. Prior to the Closing, AC
may request on an ongoing basis that RKO provide access to additional
information and documents relating to the Due Diligence Documents n RKO's
possession or control.


C. Approval of Due Diligence. AC's approval, which may be withheld in its
sole discretion, that the Due Diligence Documents comprehensively reflect
that RKO is as it is represented to be.


D. Confirmation of Assets. Satisfaction that RKO owns those assets set
forth in Exhibit "B" attached hereto.


6.10 No Material Changes. There being no material (adverse or otherwise)
changes to the financial condition or day-to-day operations of RKO prior to
Closing.


7. Confidentiality/Publicity. This agreement shall remain confidential in
accordance with the terms and conditions of that certain Confidentiality
Agreement between the parties, dated as of January, 2003. Within ten (10)
business days after the Closing, the parties shall issue a mutually
approved press release.


8. Closing Date. The parties hereto agree to work diligently towards the
Closing. It is the intent of the parties to Close this transaction as
expeditiously as possible after completion of due diligence by AC, but in
no event shall such Closing take place later than July 8, 2003, unless
otherwise extended, time being of the essence.


10. Overhead Contribution. AC agrees to provide to RKO the following
amounts as contribution towards overhead: (a) $125,000 payable upon the
signature hereof ("1st Overhead Payment"); and (b), subject to subsection
C. below, $250,000 payable on the date that is thirty (30) days after the
date of the payment in (a) ("2nd Overhead Payment"). The following shall be
applicable to each of the 1st and 2nd Overhead Payment:


A. Each of the 1st and 2nd Overhead Payments shall be deemed loans to RKO
carrying an interest rate equal to the then applicable prime rate of Bank
of America and such amount shall be deemed to be a 12-month loan to RKO
unless otherwise repaid or credited as provided in subparagraphs 10.D and E
below.


B. The 1st Overhead Payment shall be mandatory and RKO's obligations under
this Agreement, shall in all cases be conditioned upon RKO's timely receipt
of such payment.


C. The 2nd Overhead Payment shall be made at AC's sole discretion, provided
that: (i) AC agrees to provide RKO with at least seven (7) business days
notice of its intent to make such overhead payment; and (ii) upon RKO's
timely receipt of such payment, AC shall thereafter for the next thirty
(30) day period ("Lockup Period") be provided with the exclusive right to
close its deal pursuant to the terms hereof, RKO agreeing that upon receipt
of the 2nd Overhead Payment RKO will refrain from discussing m y sale or
refinancing of RKO for a period equal to the Lockup Period. In the event
that the Closing has not occurred as of the expiration of the Lockup
Period, and AC wishes to extend the Lockup Period for another thirty (30)
day period ("Extended Lockup Period"), then it may do so (but only once) by
notifying RKO of its intention to do the same and delivering to RKO on no
less than seven (7) business days notice of its intent to make such payment
and thereafter making a payment equal to the amount of the 2nd Overhead
Payment (the "Extension Payment") no later than the date that is thirty
(30) days after the due date of the 2nd overhead payment. For avoidance of
doubt it is agreed by the parties that failure of AC to make the 2 d
Overhead Payment shall terminate this Agreement, except with respect to the
obligations of RKO under subsection 10.A above.


D. At the Closing, the loans representing each of the 1st and 2nd Overhead
Payments (and the Extension Payment, if applicable) shall be cancelled and
applied towards the purchase price of RKO to reduce the amount actually
paid at Closing to the members.


E. The following shall apply in the event that the Closing does not occur:


(i) if the Closing has not occurred prior to the commencement of the Lockup
Period, but AC had satisfied all condition 3 precedent and was ready,
willing and able to Close the transaction prior to the start of the Lockup
Period, and the Closing did not take place through no fault of AC, then AC
shall be entitled to receive as a "break-up fee" an amount equal to 150% of
the 1st Overhead Payment actually paid by AC to RKO;


(ii) if the Closing has not occurred during, or prior to the expiration of,
the Lockup Period, but AC had satisfied all conditions precedent and was
ready, willing and able to Close the transaction during, but prior to the
expiration of the Lockup Period, and the Closing did not take place through
no fault of AC, then AC shall be entitled to receive as a "break-up fee" an
amount equal to the 1st and 2nd Overhead Payment actually paid by AC to RKO
plus an additional amount equal to $250,000, provided, however, that RKO
shall be excused from its obligation to Close only if (A) an action or
proceeding has been initiated, including without limitation a governmental
action, against RKO or any of its officers, directors, members, employees
or affiliates; or (B) any other condition to RKO's obligation to close, as
set forth herein or in the long-form merger agreement described in Section
6.1 above, has not been satisfied:


(iii) if the Closing has not occurred during, or prior to the expiration
of, the Extended Lockup Period, if applicable, but AC had satisfied all
conditions precedent and was ready, willing and able to Close the
transaction during, but prior to the expiration of the Extended Lock-up
Period, and the Closing did not take place through no fault of AC, then AC
shall be entitled to receive as a "break-up fee" an amount equal to the 1st
and 2nd Overhead Payments, plus the payment made during the Extended Lock-
up Period, plus an additional amount equal to $375,000, provided however,
that that RKO shall be excused from its obligation to Close as provided in
subsection (ii)(A) and (B) above; and


(iv) the break-up fee shall be due and payable immediately upon
notification to AC by RKO of RKO's unwillingness to Close the transaction;
and subject to the conditions provided in each of subparagraphs E(ii) and
(iii), and payment of the break-up fee, neither RKO, the Sellers, nor any
of their affiliates shall have any further liability or obligation
whatsoever to AC or any of its stockholders, directors, officers or
affiliates.


12. Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any
and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements and
understandings. This Agreement may not be amended except by a writing
signed by the parties. Any waiver of any rights or failure to act in a
specific instance shall relate only to such instance and shall not be
construed as an agreement to waiver any rights or failure to act in any
other instance, whether or not similar.


INTERNATIONAL MEDIA ACQUISITION GROUP


By: /s/ Mark Rutledge


Its: Executive Vice-President


SELLERS:


/s/ Ted Hartley


Ted Hartley


/s/ Dina Merrill


Dina Merrill


EXHIBIT "A"


Hartley Agreement


The following projects will be ascribed to Hartley as set forth below and
subject to the provisions below:


A. The Rig. At the Closing, Hartley shall be assigned all of the Company's
right, title and interest (including all current and future obligations
surrounding) the project currently referred to as The Rig. After such
assignment and assumption, RKO shall be entitled to receive (i)
reimbursement of the out-of-pocket costs paid in connect on with the
development of such project prior to the Closing,; (ii) interest at
Company's then-current bank rate for unsecured borrowing; and (iii)
allocable overhead, payable at such time, if ever, that production
financing commitments are secured for The Rig. Subject to the payment to
RKO, all fees (producing and otherwise) generated from The Rig shall be for
the sole benefit of Hartley Co. as Ted Hartley sees fit.


B. Other Film Projects. Hartley Co. shall be attached as a producer (on a
non-exclusive basis), and if AC and Hartley Co. are unable to agree on any
matter relating to the production of the film for which a producer would
customarily have approval, then AC shall have the final right of approval
in its sole discretion) for the following film projects: The Locked Room,
Suspicion, Monkey's Paw, Every Girl Should be Married, Richest Girl, Fields
of Fire, Beyond a Reasonable Doubt, The Set Up, Jack Hood and Mr. Blandings
Builds His Dream House. As to the first four (4) thereof which are actually
produced, Hartley Co. shall be to entitled to the following (it being
agreed that at such time that the four (4) picture obligation is met, there
shall be no further obligation on the part of AC to Hartley Co. with
respect to any of the other projects, except as set forth in subparagraph F
below):


i. A producing fee (which fee shall be payable out of the budget (which
shall be defined to exclude customary deductions) of the applicable film
and which shall be fully applicable against the compensation due to Hartley
in Section 3.2 of the main agreement above) of $250,000 if the budget
is$10,000,000 but less than $30,000,000; and $450,000 if the budget is
>$30,000,000; and customary perks, to be negotiated consistent with the
budget.


ii. Main title credit as a producer, in first position, if and to the
extent that the currently existing domestic distribution agreement for such
picture provides for such first position, otherwise in no worse than second
position (it being agreed by AC that it shall use its commercially
reasonable efforts to secure the agreement of the domestic distributor to
accord such first position credit), tied to all other producers and
included on all prints and in paid ads.


iii. A backend fee (which fee shall be fully applicable against
compensation due Hartley in Section 3.2 of the main agreement) equal to 5%
of RKO's backend producing compensation (distinguished from RKO's financing
backend compensation, if any) determined in a manner that is as applied to
RKO.


C. Never Gonna Dance. Hartley Co. shall be transferred all right, title and
interest in and to the RKO affiliate named RKO Independent Productions
(subject to AC's completion of due diligence concerning the assets
contained therein (which are represented as being the right to produce a
live theatrical stage event based upon the motion picture "Swingtime"), and
Hartley Co. shall assume all liabilities associated therewith and shall, at
the Closing, pay all of RKO's out-of-pocket costs paid in connection with
the development of such project prior to the Closing. In exchange, AC would
retain the right to receive an amount equal to 2/3 of the rights fees and
royalties currently due to it under the Restated Agreement, dated July 1,
2002, with the 1/3 balance of such amount to be assigned to Hartley Co.
Hartley Co. shall be granted a limited license to use the name RKO (and
certain approved marks) in connection with the above-the-title billing and
advertising of the stage production and other directly related matters;
provided however, that if the name or marks are proposed to be used in
connection with any fund-raising activities, Hartley Co. shall first obtain
the approval of RKO in each instance.


D. Other Live Stage. At the Closing, Hartley Co. shall identify up to four
(4) projects (in addition to Never Gonna Dance), and within three (3)
months after Closing, Hartley Co. shall have reduced such list to two of
those projects, and within six (6) months after Closing, Hartley Co. shall
identify the one project that Hartley Co. will proceed to develop. As to
such project, Hartley Co. shall have the right, for a period of three (3)
years from the Closing, to option from AC the right to produce such project
under the same terms as agreed to with respect to Never Gonna Dance.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the royalty payable to AC shall be no less
favorable to AC than the royalty accepted by Turner Entertainment Co.
("Turner") in connection therewith (it being understood that Turner has
blocking rights on each such project), except that in any event, the
sharing of rights fees and royalties as between Hartley Co. and AC shall be
on the basis as set forth in sub-paragraph C above.


E. Guaranteed Credits. AC acknowledges that Hartley has represented that
the domestic distribution agreement for "Richest Girl" and "Every Girl
Should Be Married" provides for a producer credit for Ted Hartley. AC
agrees that nothing herein contained shall limit Ted Hartley's rights to be
accorded such credits.


F. Shade. With respect to the motion picture Shade, it is agreed that in
the event that the picture is nominated for, or receives, any industry
award(s), then Hartley will be entitled to public recognition for such
award(s) and to be affiliated with the picture for such purposes, provided
that, (i) AC shall be under no obligation to spend any money with regard to
the same and (ii) the right granted above shall in no way diminish AC's
rights with respect to promoting the same.

