

                         TERMS OF USE FOR SANS HANDS
                              BEACON APPS, LLC


BY USING THIS APPLICATION, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS
AND PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IN ADDITION, WHEN USING THIS APPLICATION,
YOU SHALL BE SUBJECT TO ANY POSTED GUIDELINES OR RULES APPLICABLE TO THIS
APPLICATION. ANY CONTINUED USE OF THIS APPLICATION WILL CONSTITUTE
ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ABIDE BY THE ABOVE,
PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION.


This document governs your use of the software application Sans Hands
(“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by Beacon Apps, LLC
("Company"/"we"/"us"). The Application provides you ("User"/"you") a hands-
free way to answer and place phone calls and reply to and send text
messages using voice commands. The Application is accessible from its own
activity, its widget on your home screen, and its notification (when turned
on).


1. Intellectual Property Rights


The Application and its original content, features, functionality, and
associated graphics are owned by Beacon Apps, LLC and are protected by
international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other
intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. You agree not to attempt
to reverse engineer, translate, create derivative works from, or obtain
source code for the Application in anyway unless given permission in
writing by the Company. If you believe that your intellectual property
rights have been infringed upon by us, please contact us at
beaconappsllc@gmail.com.


2. Data and Privacy


Our Privacy Policy covers the terms of our data collection and retention
and your privacy. The Privacy Policy is accessible inside the Application.


3. Termination


We may terminate your access to the application, without cause or notice,
which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of your backed up data
and license information. If your access is terminated while you own an
active license, you will not be refunded, but future scheduled payments
will be canceled. All provisions of this Agreement that, by their nature,
should survive termination shall survive termination.


4. Licensing and Payment


You may use the Application unrestricted during a one-time 30-day free
trial. The free trial will begin the first time the Application is opened.
You are restricted to one free trial and uninstalling and then reinstalling
the Application will not affect the expiration of your nor start a new free
trial. Once the free trial has expired, you must purchase a license to
continue using the Application. Users selected by Beacon Apps, LLC who are
deemed to be necessary for testing or otherwise maintaining the Application
will be exempt from requiring a license.


License options will be displayed in the Application. All transactions are
handled by Google Wallet In-App Billing and the Application will not
collect payment information. No refunds will be issued. Users who purchase
an automatically renewing license may cancel their subscription at any time
in Google Play. A recurring license which has been cancelled will remain
active until its expiration date.


5. Use of Speech Software


Sans Hands uses your mobile device's default speech recognition and speech
synthesis software. We are not responsible for the correctness or
maintenance of this software. We are also not responsible for this
software's output or reliability, including, but not limited to, incorrect
results, performance in noisy environments, and utterance and censoring of
obscenities. This includes content provided by the Application, content
sent to you by third parties and announced by the Application, and content
sent to third parties using the Application.


6. Use of Internet and Cellular Network


a. Sans Hands directly communicates with a third party server for the
purpose of validating free trials and licenses and for data backup. In
addition, the Application uses services which may require use of internet
to function, including, but not limited to speech software, Google Wallet
In-App Billing, and analytics software. You understand and accept that the
Application may use your cellular network's data if Wi-Fi is not available
and that this may incur fees from your cellular network provider. We are
not responsible for the incursion or payment of these fees.


b. Sans Hands receives and sends text messages (SMS). Standard cellular
network messaging rates may apply to these messages. We are not responsible
for any and all messages received or sent by your mobile device nor are we
responsible for the incursion or payment of the associated fees. In
addition, you understand and accept that you are solely responsible for any
and all text messages (SMS) sent from your mobile device.


7. Correctness of Product


Sans Hands is an ongoing product and is susceptible to bugs and other
imperfections. The Company makes no promises that it will fix or attempt to
fix any bugs or other imperfections. You may send bug and crash reports to
beaconappsllc@gmail.com.


8. Indemnity


You agree to hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, and their
respective officers and employees from any and all legal proceedings and
any and all losses, liabilities, damages, and expenses incurred from your
use of the Application, including downloading, installing, uninstalling,
and using the application, or your violation of this Agreement.


9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES


WE PROVIDE THIS APPLICATION AS IS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES. THE COMPANY DOES NOT MAKE ANY PROMISES ABOUT THE APPLICATION,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ITS CONTENT, FUNCTIONS, RELIABILITY, OR
ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS.


YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE
DISCRETION AND RISK.


THIS APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS. EXERCISE
EXTREME CAUTION WHEN USING THE APPLICATION WHILE OPERATING ANY VEHICLE OR
MACHINERY. ANY ON-SCREEN CONTENT PROVIDED BY THE APPLICATION IS NOT
INTENDED FOR USE WHILE OPERATING ANY OF THE ABOVE.


10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE COMPANY AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGE, LIABILITY, INJURY, OR DEATH THAT MAY
OCCUR DURING OR BECAUSE OF YOUR USE OF THE APPLICATION, INCLUDING LOSS OF
DATA OR DAMAGE TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY HAS BEEN
MADE AWARE OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
OCCURRING.


11. Choice of Forum


This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state
of Colorado and any dispute not settled by private negotiation or by
mediation shall be finally resolved by a court located in El Paso County,
Colorado.


12. Notification of Changes


Beacon Apps, LLC reserves the right to change these terms from time to time
as it sees fit and your continued use of the Application will constitute
your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are changes to
either these terms or the Privacy Policy you will receive an in-app message
notifying you of such changes. Changes to either document will be posted
online at least 14 days before taking effect and your in-app message will
arrive the first time you open the Application's settings following the
changes. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular
basis.


13. Miscellaneous


a. These Terms of Use constitute the entire Agreement between you and
Beacon Apps, LLC relating to and governing your use of Sans Hands, and
completely replace any prior agreements between you and the Company
relating to the Application.


b. The failure of the Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision
of this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of such. All rights and
provisions will still be available to the Company at any time.


c. If any court of law, having the jurisdiction to do so, rules that any
part of these Terms of Use is invalid, it will be removed from the Terms of
Use without affecting the rest of the Agreement. The remaining parts will
continue to be valid and enforceable.


14. Date Effective


This document is effective as of 17 September, 2015.

