
Between Designer's Name and Marketing Company's name


Summary


I will always do my best to fulfill your needs and meet your goals, but
sometimes it is best to have a few simple things written down so that we
both know what is what, who should do what and what happens if things go
wrong.


In short


You, Marketing Company's name, are hiring Designer's Name to tweak or
develop a web site for your client (on your behalf), [CLIENT OR BIZ NAME],
for the estimated total price outlined in my previous correspondence. The
agreed payment plan is at the end of the document.


What do we both agree to do?


As my customer, you agree to provide me with everything that I need from
your client to complete the project including text, images and other
information as and when I need it, and in the format that I ask for. You
agree to review my work, provide feedback and sign-off approval in a timely
manner too. Deadlines work two ways and you will also be bound by any dates
that we set together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set
out at the end of this contract.


I will maintain the confidentiality of any information that you give me.


Work details


I will create designs for the look-and-feel, layout and functionality of
your client's web site, or you will provide me with a theme or template for
the CMS system you choose (WordPress, etc.).


HTML/CSS layout templates


I will test the site in current versions of all major browsers including
those made by Apple, Microsoft, Mozilla and Opera.


I will not run tests in old or abandoned browsers, for example Microsoft
Internet Explorer 5, 5.5, 6, or 7 for Windows, or Mac unless otherwise
specified. If you need to show the same or similar visual design to
visitors using these older browsers, I will charge you at the rate set out
in our original estimate for any necessary additional code and its testing.


Mobile Optimization


I will make sure the website layouts are responsive for views ranging from
mobile phones to desktop computer monitors.


Text content


I may responsible for integrating your content as discussed in my original
estimate. However, If anything deviates from that discussion, I will charge
you at $Rateper hour.


Changes and revisions


I know from experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to
you, as they often limit you to your first idea about how something should
look, or how it might work. I don't want to limit either your options or
your opportunities to change your mind.


The estimate/quotation prices at the end of this document are based on the
number of days that I estimate I'll need to accomplish everything that you
have told me your client wants to achieve. If you do want to change your
mind, add extra pages or templates or even add new functionality, that
won't be a problem. You will be charged the rate set out in the estimate I
gave you. Along the way I might ask you to put requests in writing so we
both can keep track of changes.


Technical support


I am not a web site hosting company and so I only offer limited technical
support for web site hosting, email or other services relating to web site
hosting. You and your client are responsible for choosing a host company
based on my previous suggestions. If you do require help with anything
beyond the tweaking and development of the site, I'll be happy to help. I
will also be happy to speak to your client's hosting company on your
behalf.


Backups and Performance


I highly recommend that your client perform regular backups of their
website once it is complete. I also recommend that they perform regular
updates to plugins, theme, and CMS software. I cannot be held responsible
for any website damage, performance issues, or failures due to their misuse
or negligence of any associated software(plugins, CMS, scripts).


Legal stuff


I can't guarantee that the functions contained in any web page templates or
in a completed web site will always be error-free and so I can't be liable
to you or any third party for damages resulting from the operation of or
inability to operate this web site.


Copyrights


You guarantee that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide me for inclusion in the web
site are either owned by your client, or that you have permission to use
them.


When I receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned as
follows:


You/your client own the graphics and other visual elements that I create
for you for this project. I will give you a copy of all files and you
should store them really safely as I am not required to keep them or
provide any native source files that I used in making them.


Payments


I am sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that I send you promptly. As I'm also sure you'll want to
stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment schedule,
which will be as follows, but may be revised based on further conversations
between us.


Total estimated fee upon agreement of initial design/theme selected: $Total
Fee


But where is all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you cannot transfer this contract to anyone
else without my permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Everyone should sign and keep a copy for their own records.

