
Exhibit 10.4


EXECUTION COPY


SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE


THIS SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE Â“ACTÂ”), OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE
OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, ENCUMBERED OR
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT AND SUCH STATE SECURITIES LAWS, OR AN EXEMPTION
FROM REGISTRATION THEREUNDER.


GREAT LAKES DREDGE & DOCK COMPANY, LLC


SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE

|           | |              |
|US         | |December 31,  |
|$7,500,000 | |2010          |


WHEREAS, L.W. MATTESON, INC., an Iowa corporation (the Â“PayeeÂ”), GREAT
LAKES DREDGE & DOCK COMPANY, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
(Â“PayorÂ”), and Lawrence W. Matteson and Larry W. Matteson (together, the
Â“ShareholdersÂ”) have entered into that certain Asset Purchase Agreement
dated as of the date hereof (as amended, the Â“Purchase AgreementÂ”),
whereby Payor has agreed to purchase from Payee and Payee has agreed to
sell to Payor, PayeeÂ’s business and substantially all of the assets,
rights and properties owned or held by Payee, as more particularly
described therein; and


WHEREAS, the Purchase Agreement provides that, as partial payment of the
Aggregate Purchase Price under the Purchase Agreement, Payor will issue to
Payee this secured promissory note (the Â“Promissory NoteÂ”).


NOW THEREFORE, FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Payor HEREBY PROMISES TO PAY to the
order of Payee the principal sum of SEVEN MILLION FIVE HUNDRED THOUSAND
UNITED STATES DOLLARS (US $7,500,000), payable as set forth below.


1.        Principal and Interest Payments.    The outstanding principal
evidenced hereby shall be payable in the amounts and on the dates specified
on Schedule A attached hereto. Interest shall be payable quarterly on the
principal balance hereof from time to time remaining unpaid, with the first
such payment being due on March 31, 2011 and on each
June 30, September 30, December 31 and March 31 thereafter. Interest shall
be paid on the outstanding principal amount hereof and computed on the
basis of actual number of days elapsed and a 365-day year and shall be at a
per annum rate (the Â“Base RateÂ”) equal to six percent (6.00%).


2.        Default Rate of Interest.    If any payment due hereunder from
Payor to Payee is not received on the payment date thereof, interest will
be charged on the overdue amount from and including the due date until but
not including the date that payment is received at a per annum rate equal
to nine percent (9.00%). Interest on overdue payments shall be calculated
on the basis of actual number of days elapsed and a 365-day year and shall
be paid together with the payment of the overdue amount.

| | | | |        |
| | |1| |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


3.        Maximum Lawful Rate.     If any payment of interest hereunder in
excess of that amount of interest permitted by applicable law is received
by Payee, the amount of such excess payment shall be deemed to have been
made in error and automatically shall be applied to reduce the principal
amount outstanding hereunder in the order of maturity.


4.        Place of Payment; Prepayment.    Principal and interest on this
Promissory Note shall be payable in lawful money of the United States of
America by either certified check or wire transfer of immediately available
funds to Payee at such address or bank account as Payee may from time to
time direct in writing to Payor. This Promissory Note may, at the option of
Payor, be prepaid in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time
without premium or penalty. Each prepayment of principal shall be made
together with interest accrued thereon to the date of prepayment. Any and
all prepayments shall be applied against the principal installments in the
order of maturity.


5.        Reference to Purchase Agreement.    This Promissory Note is being
executed and delivered pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Purchase
Agreement. This Promissory Note constitutes the Â“Seller NoteÂ” defined in
the Purchase Agreement. Unless otherwise defined herein, each capitalized
term used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the
Purchase Agreement.


6.        Equipment Security Agreement.    The obligations of Payor
hereunder shall be secured by the collateral identified under that certain
Equipment Security Agreement dated as of the date hereof, between Payor and
Payee, together with the related vessel mortgages and UCC financing
statements contemplated thereby (collectively, as the same may be amended
or modified in accordance with their respective terms, the Â“Security
DocumentsÂ”).


7.        Set-Off.    By PayeeÂ’s acceptance of this Promissory Note, Payee
hereby acknowledges and agrees that Payor shall have the right, in
accordance with and subject to the provisions of Article VI of the Purchase
Agreement, from time to time, to set-off against any payments due hereunder
for Adverse Consequences incurred by Purchaser Indemnitees pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement. Any and all set-offs shall be applied first against
accrued but unpaid interest and then against the principal installments in
the order of maturity. Except as provided in the Purchase Agreement, Payor
shall have no right to set off, offset or deduct any amount otherwise due,
payable or owing under or pursuant to this Promissory Note.


8.        Event of Default; Mandatory Prepayment.    Any one or more of the
following (whether such occurrence, condition or circumstance shall be
voluntary or involuntary or come about or be effected by operation of law
or otherwise) shall constitute an event of default under this Promissory
Note (each an Â“Event of DefaultÂ”):


(a)        an order, judgment or decree is entered adjudicating Payor
bankrupt or insolvent, or Payor shall commence any case or proceeding or
take any other action relating to it in bankruptcy or seeking
reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, winding-up, arrangement,

| | | | |        |
| | |2| |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


composition or readjustment of its debts, or for any other relief, under
any bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution,
arrangement, composition, readjustment of debt or other similar act or law
of any jurisdiction (federal, state or otherwise), domestic or foreign, now
or hereafter existing; or if Payor shall apply for a receiver, custodian or
trustee of it or for all or a substantial part of its property; or if Payor
shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors; of if Payor shall be
unable to, or shall admit in writing the inability to, pay its debts as
they become due;


(b)        any case, proceeding or other action against Payor shall be
commenced in bankruptcy or seeking reorganization, liquidation,
dissolution, winding-up, arrangements, composition or readjustment of its
debts, or any other relief, under any bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, liquidation, dissolution, arrangements, composition,
readjustment of debt or other similar act or law of any jurisdiction
(federal, state or otherwise), domestic or foreign, now or hereafter
existing; or if a receiver, custodian or trustee of Payor or for all or a
substantial part of its properties shall be appointed; or if a warrant of
attachment, execution or distraint, or similar process, shall be issued
against any substantial part of the property of Payor; and if in each such
case identified in this subsection (b) such conditions shall continue for a
period of sixty (60) days undismissed or undischarged; or


(c)        Payor fails to make any principal or interest payment within ten
(10) Business Days following its receipt of written notice from Payee of
PayorÂ’s failure to make such payment when due.


Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8(a)
above, all of the indebtedness evidenced by this Promissory Note shall
immediately and automatically, without presentment, demand, protest or
notice of any kind (all of which are hereby expressly waived), be
immediately due and payable; and upon the occurrence and during the
continuance of any other Event of Default, Payee may at PayeeÂ’s sole and
absolute option and in addition to any right, power or remedy permitted
under this Promissory Note, or by law or in equity or otherwise, by notice
in writing (whether by facsimile, other electronic transmission or
otherwise) to Payor, declare this Promissory Note to be, and this
Promissory Note (and all of the indebtedness evidenced hereby) shall
thereupon be and become, immediately due and payable.


9.        No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies.    No delay or omission on the
part of Payee in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver
of any other right under this Promissory Note. No waiver, if any, of any
single breach or default shall be deemed a waiver or breach of any other
breach or default theretofore or thereafter occurring. No right conferred
hereby upon Payee shall be exclusive of any other right referred to herein
or now or hereafter available at law, in equity, by statute or otherwise;
all remedies shall be cumulative and not alternative.


10.      Amendment.    No amendment, modification, termination or waiver of
any provision of this Promissory Note shall be effective unless the same
shall be in writing and signed by Payor and Payee.


11.      Governing Law.    THIS PROMISSORY NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE
OF ILLINOIS, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO THE CHOICE OF LAW PRINCIPLES THEREOF.

| | | | |        |
| | |3| |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


12.      Assignment.    Payor may not assign its obligation hereunder
without the prior written consent of Payee. Payee may not assign this
Promissory Note to any Person, other than the Shareholders. ANY SUBSEQUENT
HOLDER OF THIS PROMISSORY NOTE, BY SUCH HOLDERÂ’S ACCEPTANCE OF THIS
PROMISSORY NOTE, ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES TO PAYORÂ’S RIGHT TO SET-OFF
HEREUNDER. This Promissory Note is non-negotiable and may not be sold,
assigned or transferred (by operation of law or otherwise) or pledged by
Payee, except to the Shareholders, without the prior written consent of
Payor.


13.      Waivers.    Payor hereby waives presentment for payment, demand,
protest and notice of dishonor and protest, and all other demands and
notices, in connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance or other
enforcement, of this Promissory Note.


14.      Payments.    If any payment on this Promissory Note shall become
due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the
next succeeding Business Day.


15.      Taxes.    If applicable, Payor shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the amounts payable pursuant to this Promissory Note such
amounts as it is required to deduct or withhold with respect to the making
of such payment under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, or any provision of
applicable U.S. state or local or foreign tax law; provided, however, prior
to any such deduction or withholding, Payor shall notify Payee in writing
of PayorÂ’s intention to take such action. To the extent that amounts are
so withheld or paid over to or deposited with the relevant governmental
entity by Payor, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this
Promissory Note as having been paid to Payee (or its permitted assignee) in
respect of which such deduction and withholding was made by Payor.


16.      Final Agreement; Fax Signature.    This Promissory Note, together
with the Purchase Agreement, represents the entire agreement between the
parties hereto with respect to the subject matter specified herein, and is
intended to be the full, complete and exclusive contract governing those
matters, superseding all other discussions, promises, representations,
warranties, agreements and understandings between the parties with respect
thereto. There are no oral agreements among the parties hereto that are
inconsistent with the terms of this Promissory Note. Any signature hereto
sent or delivered by facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be as
legally binding and enforceable as a signed original for all purposes.


17.      Severability; Headings.    Whenever possible, each provision of
this Promissory Note shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective
and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Promissory
Note shall be prohibited or invalid under any such law, such provision
shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity
without invalidating the remainder of this Promissory Note. As used in this
Promissory Note, the singular shall include the plural, and the masculine,
feminine and neuter pronouns shall be fully interchangeable, where the
context so requires. The headings of sections and paragraphs in this
Promissory Note are for convenience only and shall not be construed to
limit or define any content, scope or intent of the provisions hereof.

| | | | |        |
| | |4| |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


18.      Enforcement Costs.    In the event that either party seeks to
enforce its rights or remedies under this Promissory Note or seeks a
declaration of costs or obligations under this Promissory Note, the
prevailing party shall be awarded its reasonable attorneysÂ’ fees, costs
and expenses.


19.      Representations and Warranties of Payor.    Payor hereby
represents and warrants to Payee, which representations and warranties
shall survive the execution and delivery hereof, that (a) this Promissory
Note is the legally valid and binding obligation of Payor, enforceable
against Payor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforcement may
be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
similar laws affecting enforcement of creditorsÂ’ rights generally and by
general principles of equity (whether applied in a proceeding at law or in
equity), and (b) the Payor is not restricted or prohibited in any way by
the terms, provisions or conditions of any material credit or security
agreement to which Payor is a party in connection with PayorÂ’s execution,
delivery and performance of this Promissory Note.


20.      Consent to Jurisdiction.    Any claim, action, proceeding or
lawsuit over any dispute arising out of or relating to this Promissory Note
may be initiated in any Federal or state court located in Peoria, Illinois
and Payor and Payee further agree that venue for all such matters shall lie
exclusively in such courts. Payor and Payee also agree not to bring any
action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Promissory Note in
any other state or federal court unless and until the foregoing court
renders a final order that it lacks, and cannot acquire, the necessary
jurisdiction, and either all appeals have been exhausted or the order is no
longer appealable. Payor and Payee hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, any objection which they may now or
hereafter have, including any claim of forum non conveniens, to venue in
the courts located in Peoria, Illinois and Payor and Payee hereby consent
to the personal jurisdiction of such courts (and of the appropriate
appellate courts therefrom) and to service of process upon them in
accordance with the rules and statutes governing service of process in any
such suit, action or proceeding. Payor and Payee agree that a judgment in
any such dispute may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the
judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable law.


21.      Notice.  (a)  All notices, requests, demands and other
communications under this Promissory Note shall be in writing and delivered
in person, or sent by facsimile or sent by reputable overnight delivery
service and properly addressed as follows


To Payor:


Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company, LLC


2122 York Road


Oak Brook, IL 60523


Fax:                                 


Attention: Chief Financial Officer


and

| | | | |        |
| | |5| |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


Great Lakes Dredge & Dock Company, LLC


2122 York Road


Oak Brook, IL 60523


Fax:                                 


Attention: Assistant General Counsel


With a copy to:


Winston & Strawn LLP


35 West Wacker Drive


Chicago, IL 60601


Fax: (312) 558-5700


Attention: Patrick O. Doyle


To Payee:


L.W. Matteson, Inc.


P.O. Box 667


Burlington, IA 52601


Attention: Lawrence W. Matteson


With a copy to:


Duane Morris LLP


190 S. LaSalle Street, Suite 3700


Chicago, IL 60603


Fax: (312) 499-6701


Attention: Brian P. Kerwin


(b)        Any Person may from time to time change its address for the
purpose of notices to that Person by a similar notice specifying a new
address, but no such change shall be deemed to have been given until it is
actually received by the Person sought to be charged with its contents.


(c)        All notices and other communications required or permitted under
this Promissory Note which are addressed as provided in this Section 21 if
delivered personally or courier, shall be effective upon delivery; if sent
by facsimile, shall be delivered upon receipt of proof of transmission.


[signature page follows]

| | | | |        |
| | |6| |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Promissory Note to
be executed as of December 31, 2010.

|                                | |               |
|GREAT LAKES DREDGE & DOCK       | |               |
|COMPANY, LLC                    | |               |
|as Payor                        | |               |
|                                | |               |
|By:                             | |/s/ Bruce J.   |
|                                | |Biemeck        |
|Name: Bruce J. Biemeck          | |               |
|Title: President and Chief      | |               |
|Financial Officer               | |               |

| | | | |        |
| | | | |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |


SCHEDULE A


PRINCIPAL AMORTIZATION

|                        | |                               |
|                    Paym| |Principal Payment Amount       |
|ent Date                | |                               |
|1st anniversary of      | |$2,500,000                     |
|Closing Date            | |                               |
|2nd anniversary of Closi| |$2,500,000                     |
|ng Date                 | |                               |
|3rd anniversary of      | |$2,500,000                     |
|Closing Date            | |                               |

| | | | |        |
| | | | |Seller  |
| | | | |Note    |

