
Exhibit 10.1


SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE


This Separation Agreement and General Release (Â“AgreementÂ”) is made and
entered into by and between Deborah Lenart (the Â“ExecutiveÂ”) and Career
Education Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the Â“CompanyÂ”).


1. Separation and Effective Dates: The ExecutiveÂ’s employment with the
Company and, to the extent applicable, with its direct and indirect
subsidiaries, affiliates, companies, divisions, units, schools, and
affiliated schools (the Â“Company AffiliatesÂ”), terminates effective
November 5, 2010 (the Â“Separation DateÂ”). Executive agrees that Executive
will tender her resignation, effective as of the Separation Date, from any
officer and/or director positions held with any subsidiary companies,
affiliates as well as from the governing boards of American
InterContinental University and Colorado Technical University. The
Executive understands and agrees that from and after the Separation Date,
she is no longer authorized to incur any expenses, obligations or
liabilities on behalf of the Company or the Company Affiliates. This
Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until all parties have
signed an original of this Agreement and the revocation period referenced
in Paragraph 18 has expired.


2. No Claims: The Executive represents and agrees that she has not filed
any notices, claims, complaints, charges, or lawsuits of any kind
whatsoever against the Releasees (as defined in Paragraph 11) with any
court, any governmental agency, any regulatory body or any other third
party with respect to any matter related to the Company, a Company
Affiliate or a Releasee, or arising out of her employment with and/or
separation from the Company.


3. Payment of Moneys Owed: The Executive and the Company acknowledge that
the Company has paid, or will pay no later than November 15, 2010, all
remuneration owed to the Executive as a result of her employment with and
separation from the Company, related to (a) her salary through the
Separation Date, (b) all accrued (but unused) vacation pay for 2010 through
the Separation Date, and (c) all business expenses, if any, incurred by her
through the Separation Date as a result of her employment with the Company,
provided that such expenses are authorized under and consistent with the
expense reimbursement policies of the Company. Except as specifically
provided for in this Paragraph 3 and in Paragraphs 6 and 9, the Executive
shall not be entitled to receive any compensation or benefits of employment
from the Company or any Company Affiliate following the Separation Date.


4. Non-Admission of Liability and Acknowledgement of Compliance: This
Agreement and the fact that it was offered are not and shall not in any way
be construed as admissions by the Company that it violated any federal,
state or local law, statute or regulation, or that it acted wrongfully with
respect to the Executive or to any other person or entity in any manner.
The Company specifically disclaims any liability to or wrongful acts
against the Executive or any other person or entity. Further, the Executive
acknowledges and agrees that it is the policy of the Company to comply with
all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. The Executive
affirms that she has reported all compliance issues and violations of
federal, state and local laws or regulations or Company policy of which she
had knowledge during the term of her employment, if any. The Executive
represents and acknowledges that she has no further or additional knowledge
or information regarding compliance issues or possible violations of
federal, state or local laws or regulations or Company policy other than
what the Executive has previously raised, if any.


5. Non-Admissibility: Neither this Agreement nor anything in this Agreement
shall be construed to be or shall be admissible in any proceeding as
evidence of or an admission by the Company or the Executive of any
violation of any state, federal or local laws or regulations or any rules,
regulations, criteria or standards of any regulatory body. This Agreement
may be introduced, however, in any proceeding to enforce the Agreement.


6. Consideration: In exchange for the promises and agreements made by the
Executive contained in this Agreement and in satisfaction of the terms of
the Career Education Corporation Executive Severance Plan, and in addition
to the benefits provided there under, the Company will (a) within ten
(10) days following the date this Agreement may no longer be revoked by the
Executive as described in Paragraph 18 of this Agreement (and provided that
this Agreement has not been revoked), but not before January 3, 20100, pay
to the Executive a lump-sum payment of $462,769.23 (which amount is equal
to sixty-four weeks of pay calculated based on the ExecutiveÂ’s base salary
as of the Separation Date), less all applicable taxes and other
withholdings; (b) pay to the Executive a lump-sum bonus payment of a gross
amount of $225,000.00, which amount is equal to 100% of ExecutiveÂ’s 2010
target bonus amount, less all applicable taxes and other withholdings, paid
in accordance with the normal procedures at the time such payments are made
to Employees of the Company, but not later than March 15, 2011, (c) if the
Executive is currently a participant in the Company health and/or dental
insurance plan(s) and the Executive timely elects to continue insurance
coverage under federal COBRA law, the Company will partially subsidize such
COBRA coverage such that the Executive will only pay the same cost that
similarly situated active employees of the Company pay for such insurance
coverage for the following month(s): December 2010 through May 2012;
(d) pay for one year of access to executive-level outplacement services to
be provided to the Executive by an organization selected by the Executive
and agreed to by the Company, which amount will be paid directly to the
outplacement services provider (provided such amount shall not exceed
$75,000.00); and (e) each option to purchase shares of the
Company issued to the Executive under the CompanyÂ’s 1998 Employee
Incentive Compensation Plan and the CompanyÂ’s 2008 Incentive Compensation
Plan (collectively, the Â“Option PlansÂ”), which was vested prior to the
Separation Date, or which became vested as of the Separation Date pursuant
to the terms of the Options Plans and the relevant option
agreements entered into pursuant thereto or pursuant to the Option and
Restricted Stock Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2009, by and
between the Executive and the Company, shall remain outstanding and
exercisable until the earlier to occur of (i) the tenth anniversary of the
grant date of such option, or (ii) the first anniversary of the date this
Agreement is executed (as set forth on the signature page attached hereto).



The Executive acknowledges that the monies and benefits set forth in this
Paragraph 6 constitute additional consideration above and beyond anything
to which the Executive is already entitled, in exchange for ExecutiveÂ’s
execution of this Agreement.


For purposes of clarification, pursuant to that certain Option and
Restricted Stock Amendment Agreement, dated as of February 20, 2009, by and
between the Executive and the Company, effective as of the Separation Date:
(A) all unvested Options (as defined in the Career Education Corporation
1998 Employee Incentive Compensation Plan (the Â“1998 PlanÂ”) held by the
Executive under the 1998 Plan became one hundred percent (100%) vested, and
(B) shares of Restricted Stock (as defined in the 1998 Plan) held by the
Executive under the 1998 Plan became fully vested.


2


7. No Disparagement or Encouragement of Claims: The Executive agrees that
Executive will not, nor will she cause anyone else to, make any statement
or issue any communication, written or otherwise, that disparages,
criticizes or otherwise reflects adversely on or encourages any adverse
action against the Company, any Company Affiliate or any Releasee (as
defined in Paragraph 11), to either the press, the media or any other third
party, except if testifying truthfully under oath pursuant to any lawful
court order or subpoena or otherwise responding to or providing disclosures
required by law. The Company similarly agrees that its officers and
directors will not, nor will they cause anyone else to, make any statement
or issue any communication, written or otherwise, that disparages,
criticizes or otherwise reflects adversely on or encourages any adverse
action against the Executive to either the press, the media or any third
party, except if testifying truthfully under oath pursuant to lawful court
order or subpoena or otherwise responding to or providing disclosures
required by law.


8. Non-Competition, Non-Solicitation and Confidential Information.


8.1 Confidential Information and Protection of Confidential Information.
The Executive acknowledges that, throughout and as an incident to her
employment with the Company, the Executive has become acquainted with and
received Confidential Information relating to the Company, including trade
secrets, processes, methods of operation, business models and plans,
advertising and marketing plans and strategies, Company records, research
techniques and results, academic programs, academic course development,
methods of instruction, training programs, computer programs, databases,
software codes, systems and models, marketing, promotional and sales
programs, and financial information concerning the business of the Company,
which information is not readily available to the public and gives the
Company an opportunity to gain an advantage over competitors who do not
know or use this information in the same manner as the Company, and which
the Company regards as confidential and proprietary (collectively
Â“Confidential InformationÂ”). Such Confidential Information includes, but
is not limited to: (i) information relating to the CompanyÂ’s past and
existing students and vendors and the development of prospective students
and vendors, including, but not limited to, specific student service and
product requirements, pricing, arrangements, payment terms, student lists
and other similar information; (ii) inventions, designs, methods,
discoveries, works of authorship, creations, improvements or ideas
developed or otherwise produced, acquired or used by the Company;
(iii) advertising and marking plans and strategies; (iv) the CompanyÂ’s
proprietary programs, processes or software; (v) the subject matter of any
patents, design patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, service
marks, trade names, trade dress, manuals, operating instructions, training
materials, and other industrial property; and (vi) other confidential and
proprietary information or documents relating to the Company or its
students or vendors which the Company reasonably regards as being
confidential. Confidential Information does not include: (a) information
known in general to the ExecutiveÂ’s profession, or that becomes known
thereafter, other than by an unauthorized act of the Executive;
(b) information that was lawfully in the ExecutiveÂ’s possession before her
employment with the Company; or (c) information obtained lawfully and in
good faith from another party after such disclosure emanating from an
original source other than the Company.


3


The Executive acknowledges that the Confidential Information is of
incalculable value to the Company and is the exclusive property of the
Company, and that the Company would suffer irreparable damage if any of the
Confidential Information is improperly disclosed or used. Accordingly, the
Executive will not, at any time during ExecutiveÂ’s employment with, or
after the ExecutiveÂ’s separation from employment with, the Company,
reveal, divulge, or make known to any person, firm or corporation any
Confidential Information made known to the Executive or of which the
Executive has become aware, regardless of whether developed, prepared,
devised, or otherwise created in whole or in part by the efforts of the
Executive. The Executive further agrees that she will retain all
Confidential Information in trust for the sole benefit of the Company, and
will not divulge or deliver any Confidential Information to any
unauthorized person including, without limitation, any other employer of
the Executive except as required by the order of any court or similar
tribunal or any other governmental body or agency of appropriate
jurisdiction; provided, that the Executive will, to the extent practicable,
give the Company prior written notice of any such disclosure and will
cooperate with the Company in obtaining a protective order or such similar
protection as the Company may deem appropriate to preserve the confidential
nature of such information. The foregoing obligations to maintain the
Confidential Information shall not apply to any Confidential Information
that is, or without any action by the Executive becomes, generally
available to the public.


8.2 Non-Competition. Commencing on the Separation Date and for fifty-two
(52) weeks thereafter, the Executive shall not, in any way, directly or
indirectly, either for the Executive or any other person or entity, whether
paid or unpaid, accept employment with, own, manage, operate, consult or
provide expert services to any person or entity that competes with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries in any capacity that involves any
responsibilities or activities involving or relating to any Competing
Educational Service, as defined herein. Â“Competing Educational ServiceÂ”
means any educational service that competes with the educational services
provided by the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries, including, but not
limited to, coursework in the areas of visual communication and design
technologies; information technology; business studies; culinary arts; and
health education, or any education service. The Executive hereby
acknowledges that the following organizations, among others, provide
Competing Educational Services, and should the Executive accept employment
with, own, manage, operate, consult or provide expert services to any of
these organizations within said 52-week period, it would inevitably require
the use and/or disclosure of Confidential Information belonging to the
Company and/or its subsidiaries and would provide such organizations with
an unfair business advantage over the Company: DeVry, Inc.; Kaplan, Inc.;
Apollo Group Inc.; Education Management LLC; Embanet Corporation; Capella
Education Company; ITT Educational Services, Inc.; Corinthian Colleges,
Inc.; Laureate Education, Inc.; and Strayer Education, Inc. and each of
their respective subsidiaries, affiliates and successors. The Executive
further acknowledges that the Company and/or its subsidiaries provide
career-oriented education through physical and web-based virtual campuses
throughout the world and, therefore, it is impracticable to identify a
limited, specific geographical scope for this Paragraph 8.2. Nothing herein
shall prevent the Executive from owning less than two percent (2%) of the
capital stock of a company whose stock is publicly traded and that is
engaged in Competing Educational Services.


8.3 Non-Solicitation/Non-Hire. Commencing on the Separation Date and for
eighteen (18) months thereafter, the Executive will not, directly or
indirectly, individually or on behalf of any Person (as defined below)
(a) hire, solicit, aid or induce any then-current employee of the Company
or Company Affiliates to leave the Company or Company Affiliates to accept
employment with or render services for the Executive or such Person, or
(b) solicit, aid or induce


4


any then-current student, customer, client, vendor, lender, supplier or
sales representative of the Company or Company Affiliates or similar
persons engaged in business with the Company or Company Affiliates to
discontinue the relationship or reduce the amount of business done with the
Company or Company Affiliates. Â“PersonÂ” means any individual, a
partnership, a corporation, an association, a limited liability company, a
joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated
organization, a governmental entity, or any department, agency or political
subdivision thereof, or an accrediting body.


8.4 Acknowledgements. The Executive fully understands the nature and
burdens of this Paragraph 8. The Executive acknowledges that the provisions
of this Paragraph 8 are fair, reasonable, and not excessively broad, that
they are necessary to protect important and legitimate business interests
of the Company, Company Affiliates and each school, and that in light of
the ExecutiveÂ’s education, experience, and capabilities, the Executive can
honor all parts of this Paragraph 8 without being prevented from earning a
fully adequate livelihood for the Executive and the ExecutiveÂ’s dependents
from now throughout any period during which the ExecutiveÂ’s activities are
restricted hereunder. The Executive agrees that the covenants in this
Paragraph 8 are in addition to any common law, statutory or contractual
obligations of the Executive.


8.5 Remedies and Enforcement. The Executive acknowledges that a breach on
her part of the terms of the Restrictive Covenants set forth in this
Paragraph 8 will cause irreparable damage to the Company and that monetary
damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company. Accordingly,
the Executive agrees that the Company will be entitled to enforce the terms
herein in court and seek any and all remedies available to it in equity and
law, including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, without the posting
of any bond or other security. The parties agree that the prevailing party
in any action related to enforcement of such Restrictive Covenants shall be
entitled to reimbursement from the non-prevailing party for attorneys fees
and costs incurred related to such action. The Executive further
acknowledges and agrees that in the event any of the Restrictive Covenants
contained in this Paragraph 8, or any part thereof, hereafter is construed
to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the same shall not affect the
remainder of such covenant or any other covenants. The Executive and the
Company expressly empower a court of competent jurisdiction to modify any
Restrictive Covenant in this Paragraph 8 to the extent necessary to make it
legal, valid, and enforceable.


9. Indemnity and Cooperation: In the event of a lawsuit or claim by a third
party in which the Executive is sued either jointly or separately for acts
arising out of the scope of the ExecutiveÂ’s employment with the Company,
the Company agrees to defend the Executive and hold the Executive harmless
in accordance with the ExecutiveÂ’s rights to indemnification under the
CompanyÂ’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or any
existing Indemnification Agreement between the Executive and the Company.
In turn, in the event of any pending or threatened legal action against the
Company or the Company Affiliates or Releasees relating to events which
occurred during the ExecutiveÂ’s employment, the Executive acknowledges and
agrees that she will cooperate to the fullest extent possible in the
investigation, preparation, prosecution, or defense of the CompanyÂ’s or
the Company AffiliateÂ’s case, including, but not limited to, the execution
of affidavits or documents or providing of information requested by the
Company or the CompanyÂ’s counsel. Reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
related to such assistance will be reimbursed by the Company, if the
CompanyÂ’s written approval is obtained in advance. In addition, the
Executive will be compensated by the Company for her time, at the rate of
$100/hour, when requested by the Company to prepare to provide testimony or
spend time assisting the Company in any of the foregoing activities or with
such matters. The Executive will not, however, be compensated for the time
she spends


5


providing testimony. Nothing in this Paragraph should be construed as
suggesting or implying that the Executive should testify in any way other
than truthfully or provide anything other than accurate, truthful
information. The Executive further agrees to provide truthful and timely
answers to any reasonable questions the Company may have from time to time
about the work the Executive performed during her employment. A failure on
the part of the Executive to reasonably cooperate with the Company shall
constitute and be treated as a material breach of this Agreement. Any
amount paid to the Executive pursuant to this Paragraph 9 for her time
shall be paid promptly, and in any event no later than March 15 of the year
following the year in which such services occurred. For purposes of
complying with Section 409A, with respect to any reimbursement required to
be made pursuant to this Paragraph 9, (i) the provision of such
reimbursements during one calendar year shall not affect the reimbursements
made available in a different calendar year, (ii) such reimbursements shall
not be subject to liquidation or exchange for other benefits, and (iii) any
reimbursements shall be paid as soon as administratively feasible (or in
accordance with the timing prescribed under the applicable Company policy)
after the applicable expense is incurred but no later than the last day of
the calendar year following the calendar year in which the applicable
expense was incurred.


10. Company Property: The Executive represents, warrants and covenants that
the Executive has returned to the Company (or will return to the Company
along with the executed Agreement) any and all Company property in the
ExecutiveÂ’s possession or control, including, without limitation, all
telephones, keys, access cards, security badges, credit cards, phone cards,
equipment, computer hardware and encryption devices (including, but not
limited to, all computers, Blackberry devices, and personal data
assistants), all contents of all such hardware, all passwords and codes
needed to obtain access to or operate all or part of any such hardware, all
electronic storage devices (including but not limited to all hard drives,
disk drives, diskettes, CDs, CD-ROMs, DVDs, and DVD-ROMs), all contents of
all such electronic storage devices, all passwords and codes needed to
obtain access to or use all or part of any such electronic storage device,
all computer software and programs, financial information, accounting
records, computer printouts, manuals, data, materials, papers, books,
files, documents, records, policies, student information and lists,
customer information and lists, marketing information, specifications and
plans, data base information and lists, mailing lists, and notes, including
but not limited to any property describing or containing any Confidential
Information, and the Executive agrees that the Executive will not retain
any copies, duplicates, reproductions or excerpts thereof in any form
whatsoever.


11. General Release, Discharge of All Claims and Agreement Not to Sue: In
consideration of the payments and benefits referred to in Paragraph 6 from
the Company to the Executive as set forth herein and other consideration
the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Executive,
on behalf of herself, her dependents, heirs, executors, administrators,
assigns and successors, and each of them hereby:


(a) voluntarily, fully and unconditionally releases and forever discharges
the Company, the Company Affiliates, and associated organizations, past and
present, and each of them, as well as its and their trustees, directors,
officers, agents, attorneys, employees, contractors, insurers,
representatives, assigns, and successors, past and present, and each of
them, (hereinafter Â“ReleaseesÂ”), with respect to and from any and all
legally waivable claims, wages, demands, rights, liens, agreements,
contracts, covenants, actions, suits, causes of action, obligations, debts,
costs, expenses, attorneysÂ’ fees, damages, judgments, orders, liabilities,
complaints, and promises whatsoever, in law or equity, known or unknown,
suspected or unsuspected, and whether or not concealed or hidden
(collectively, Â“ClaimsÂ”), which she now


6


owns or holds or she has at any time heretofore owned or held or may in the
future hold as against any or all said Releasees, arising on or before the
date this Agreement is executed, including, but not limited to, any Claims
arising out of or in any way connected with her employment with and/or
separation from the Company, any Claims arising under the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the
Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Civil Rights Act of 1866, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (the Â“ADEAÂ”), the
Americans with Disabilities Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993,
the Fair Labor Standards Act, the False Claims Act, as amended, the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act, as amended, Illinois civil rights
laws and regulations, Illinois wage/hour laws and regulations, or any other
federal, state or local law, regulation, ordinance or public policy, and
any Claims for severance pay, bonus pay, sick leave, holiday pay, vacation
pay, life insurance, health, medical or disability insurance or any other
fringe benefit or the common law of any state relating to employment
contracts, wrongful discharge, defamation or any other matter; and


(b) agrees not to sue any or all of the Releasees with respect to any
matter released or discharged herein, except that the Executive may seek a
determination of the validity of the waiver of her rights under the ADEA.
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to reflect any partyÂ’s belief that
the waiver of the ExecutiveÂ’s claims under the ADEA is invalid or
unenforceable, it being the intent of the parties that such claims are
waived.


12. Exclusions from General Release and Discharge. Notwithstanding the
above, the Executive does not release and discharge (a) any right to
continue her group health insurance coverage pursuant to applicable law;
(b) any vested benefits in the CompanyÂ’s employee benefit, retirement and
stock/option plans; (c) any claim for breach of this Agreement; and (d) any
claim that cannot be released by law, including but not limited to the
right to file a charge with or participate in an investigation by the Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission (Â“EEOCÂ”). The Executive does, however,
hereby waive any right to recover any money should the EEOC or any other
agency or individual pursue any claims on her behalf.


13. Obligations Regarding Section 16 Reporting. The Executive understands
that the Company will file on November 9, 2010 a Form 4 reporting
transactions for her outstanding equity awards under the CompanyÂ’s equity
incentive plans, and agrees that with respect to any such Form 4 or Form 5
filing made on her behalf, regardless of whether it is made with or without
her review, (1) she is fully responsible for such filing and the contents
of such Form, and (2) neither the Company nor its Insider Trading
Compliance Officer (nor any of its or his designees, representative, agents
or legal counsel) will have any responsibility or liability with respect to
such filing or the contents of such Form. The Executive understands and
agrees that other than the Form 4 filing on November 9, 2010, the Company
will not undertake to file any additional Forms 4 or 5 or other reports
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on her behalf. The Executive
further understands and agrees that all responsibility for Section 16
compliance under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is her own and that
neither the Company nor the Insider Trading Compliance Officer (nor any of
its or his designees, representatives, agents or legal counsel) will have
any responsibility or liability with respect to any failure to file (or
delinquent filing of) a Form 4 or 5, any violation of Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or any Â“short swing profitsÂ” under
Section 16(b) of that Act.


14. No Representation: The Executive agrees and acknowledges that in
executing this Agreement she does not rely and has not relied on any
representation or statement by any of the Releasees or by any of the
ReleaseesÂ’ agents, representatives or attorneys with regard to the subject
matter, basis or effect of this Agreement.


7


15. No Assignment: The Executive represents that she has not heretofore
assigned or transferred, or purported to assign or transfer, to any person
or entity, any claim or any portion thereof or interest therein, and the
Executive agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each and all of the
Releasees against any and all disputes based on, arising out of, or in
connection with any such transfer or assignment, or purported transfer or
assignment, of any claims or any portion thereof or interest therein.


16. Severability: If any provision of this Agreement or the application
thereof is held invalid, the invalidity shall not affect other provisions
or applications of the Agreement which can be given their intended effect
without the invalid provisions or applications and to this end the
provisions of this Agreement are declared to be severable. If, however, a
court of competent jurisdiction finds that any release by the Executive in
Paragraph 11 above is illegal, void, or unenforceable, the Executive will
promptly sign a release, waiver, and/or agreement that is legal and
enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law.


17. No Continuing Relationship: The Executive and the Company acknowledge
that any employment, contractual or other relationship between the
Executive and the Company terminated as of the Separation Date and that
they have no further employment, contractual or other relationship except
as may arise out of this Agreement. The Executive waives any right or claim
to reinstatement as an employee of the Company, and will not seek
employment, an independent contractor relationship or any relationship in
the future with the Company.


18. Voluntary Execution of Agreement and Consultation with Counsel: The
Executive is hereby advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing
this Agreement. The Executive represents, warrants and agrees that she has
carefully read the Agreement and understands its meaning and has had the
opportunity to seek independent legal advice from an attorney of her choice
with respect to the advisability of this Agreement and is signing this
Agreement, knowingly, voluntarily and without any coercion or duress. The
Executive further acknowledges that she has been given a period of twenty-
one (21) days within which to consider whether to sign this Agreement. The
Executive may execute this Agreement at any time within the twenty-one day
period and by doing so The Executive waives any right to the remaining
days.


19. Revocability of Agreement: The Executive has the right to revoke this
Agreement, solely with respect to her release of claims under the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act and the Older Workers Benefit Protection
Act, for up to seven (7) days after the Executive signs it. In order to
revoke this Agreement, the Executive must sign and send a written notice of
the decision to do so, following the notice provisions set forth in
Paragraph 20, below, which must be received no later than the eighth day
after the Executive executes the Agreement. If the Executive revokes this
Agreement, the Executive will not be entitled to the consideration from the
Company described herein.


8


20. Notice: All notices, requests, demands and other communications
hereunder to either party shall be in writing and shall be delivered,
either by hand, by facsimile, by overnight courier or by certified mail,
return receipt requested, duly addressed as indicated below or to such
changed address as the party may subsequently designate:


To the Company:


Senior Vice President of Human Resources


Career Education Corporation


2895 Greenspoint Parkway Â– Suite 600


Hoffman Estates, Illinois 60169


Fax: 847-585-2641


To the Executive:


Deborah Lenart


21. Governing Law: This Agreement is made and entered into in the State of
Illinois and shall be interpreted, enforced and governed under Illinois
law, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.


22. Unemployment: The Company shall accurately report that ExecutiveÂ’s
employment terminated pursuant to the elimination of ExecutiveÂ’s position.



23. Binding Effect: This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the
benefit of the Executive and the Company (and Releasees) and each partyÂ’s
respective heirs, representatives, executors, administrators, successors
and assigns.


24. No Presumption: This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted as if
all of its language were prepared jointly by the Executive and the Company.
No language in this Agreement shall be construed against a party on the
ground that such party drafted or proposed that language.


25. Violation of Agreement. If the Executive or the Company prevails in a
legal or equitable action claiming that the other party has breached this
Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other
party the reasonable attorneysÂ’ fees and costs incurred by the prevailing
party in connection with such action.


26. Execution of Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in
counterparts, but shall be construed as if signed in one document.
Facsimile or electronically transmitted signatures shall be given the same
force and effect as original signatures with the parties to provide
original signatures as soon as practicable.


27. Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes and contains the entire
agreement and understanding concerning the ExecutiveÂ’s employment with and
separation from the Company and the other subject matters addressed herein
between the parties, and supersedes and replaces all prior negotiations and
all agreements proposed or otherwise, whether written or oral, concerning
the subject matters hereof, except for the partiesÂ’ agreements relating to
indemnification, trade secrets, confidential and proprietary information,
copyrights, and the like, if any, which shall remain in force and effect in
accordance with the terms thereof. The


9


Executive represents and agrees that no promises, statements or inducements
have been made to her which caused her to sign this Agreement other than
those which are expressly stated in this Agreement. This is an integrated
document and may not be altered except by written agreement signed by an
officer designated by the Company, and the Executive.


I have carefully read the entire Agreement and accept and agree to the
provisions it contains and hereby execute it voluntarily and with full
understanding of its consequences.


Executed this     22d     day of     December            , 2010.

|                | | | |                        | |                     |
|                | | | |/s/ Deborah Lenart      | |                     |
|                | | | |Deborah Lenart          | |                     |
|                | | | |                        | |                     |
|                | | | |CAREER EDUCATION        | |                     |
|                | | | |CORPORATION             | |                     |
|                | | | |                        | |                     |
|DATED: December | | | |By:                     | |/s/Gary E. McCullough|
|28, 2010        | | | |                        | |                     |
|                | | | |Name:                   | |Gary E. McCullough   |
|                | | | |Title:                  | |President and Chief  |
|                | | | |                        | |Executive Officer    |


10

