
                  GENERAL RELEASE AND SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT


This General Release and Settlement Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and
entered into as of [DATE] (the “Effective Date”), by and between
[PLAINTIFF’S FULL NAME],  (collectively “Plaintiff”) and [DEFENDANT’S FULL
NAME] on behalf of themselves, their respective heirs, executors,
administrators, agents, and assignees (collectively “Defendant”).
(Plaintiff and Defendant are referred to herein collectively as the “Party”
or “Parties.”)


WHEREAS, a dispute has arisen between the Parties regarding the [BRIEFLY
DESCRIBE DISPUTE] (the “Dispute”); and,


WHEREAS, Plaintiff has filed an action in Court in the matter of [CASE
NAME, INDEX NUMBER], (the “Litigation”); and,


WHEREAS, Plaintiff has complained of economic damages arising out of the
Dispute, which are expressly denied by Defendant; and,


WHEREAS, the Parties have agreed to resolve the Dispute and the Litigation;
and,


WHEREFORE, intending to be legally bound, the Parties hereby agree as
follows:


1. Settlement Payment:


a. Defendant shall pay Plaintiff a total of $[FINAL AMOUNT].


b. At the time of the Parties’ signing of this Agreement, Defendant shall
have sent by hand delivery a bank check in the amount of $[FINAL AMOUNT]
(the “Settlement Payment”) to the office of Plaintiff’s attorneys,
[PLAINTIFF’S ATTORNEY], by [DELIVERY DATE].


c. After the delivery of the Settlement Payment, Plaintiff shall execute an
original and one copy of this Agreement and send to Defendant. Defendant
shall execute and return a fully executed original of this Agreement to
Plaintiff’s counsel. Within one court day of receiving such fully executed
Agreement and payment, Plaintiff will file a Stipulation of Discontinuance
with the [COURT].


2. Mutual Release:


a. In consideration for the Settlement Payment described in paragraph 1
above and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby
acknowledged, Plaintiff does hereby release, acquit, and forever discharge
Defendant from any and all actions, claims, demands, damages, obligations,
liabilities, controversies and executions, of any kind or nature
whatsoever, whether known or unknown, whether suspected or not, which have
arisen, or may have arisen, or shall arise by reason of any matter, cause
or thing whatsoever, from the first day of the world, including this day
and each day hereafter, and Plaintiff does specifically waive any claim or
right to assert any cause of action or alleged cause of action or claim or
demand which has, through oversight or error, intentionally or
unintentionally or through a mutual mistake, been omitted from this
Release.


b. Defendant does hereby release, cancel, forgive and forever discharge
Plaintiff and each of her holding companies, subsidiaries, affiliates,
divisions, successors, heirs, and assigns in all capacities whatsoever,
including without limitation as an officer, director, employee,
representative, designee, agent, and shareholder thereof, from all actions,
claims, demands, damages, obligations, liabilities, controversies and
executions, of any kind or nature whatsoever, whether known or unknown,
whether suspected or not, which have arisen, or may have arisen, or shall
arise by reason of any matter, cause or thing whatsoever, from the first
day of the world, including this day and each day hereafter, and Defendant
does specifically waive any claim or right to assert any cause of action or
alleged cause of action or claim or demand which has, through oversight or
error, intentionally or unintentionally or through a mutual mistake, been
omitted from this Release.


3. Dismissal of Lawsuit: It is understood and agreed that each Party shall
pay the costs and attorneys’ fees it incurred in connection with this
lawsuit and that no Party is to pay the costs or attorneys’ fees incurred
by any other Party.


4. No Admission of Liability: The Parties agree that nothing contained
herein, and no action taken by any Party with respect to this Agreement,
shall be construed as an admission of liability.


5. Confidentiality:


a. The Parties hereby agree that this Agreement, its terms, and all facts
and information relating to the Dispute, including but not limited to the
fact and amount of settlement thereof, shall be kept in the strictest
confidence and shall not hereafter be disclosed to any person, unless
required by law.


b. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties may disclose information
about this settlement: (a) to their attorneys, auditors, or accountants in
the context of the attorney-client or accountant-client relationship; (b)
to their tax advisors or to government tax authorities to the extent
necessary to assist in the preparation or review of income tax returns; and
(c) in response to any inquiry about this settlement or its underlying
facts by any self-regulatory, local, state, or federal authority, or any
other governmental body.


c. The Parties may additionally disclose information about this settlement
to insurers or prospective insurers.


d. Upon either Party receiving an inquiry, subpoena, or court order to
disclose information, that Party shall notify the other Party of this this
inquiry, subpoena, or court order, and shall take the necessary measures to
preserve the confidentiality of this Agreement, and shall cooperate fully
in any lawful effort to preserve the confidentiality of this Agreement.


e. The Parties understand and acknowledge that any breach of this provision
shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.


7. Entire Agreement:


a. This Agreement constitutes the complete understanding between the
Parties. No other promises, representations, or agreements shall be binding
unless signed by these Parties.


b. This Agreement cannot be altered, amended, or modified in any respect,
except by a writing duly executed by all Parties to the Agreement.


8. Severability: In the event that any court of enforcement authority
determines that any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, the
provision at issue shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by
law, and all other provisions shall remain in full effect.


9. Choice of Law: This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of [YOUR STATE] without reference to
its provisions regarding choice of law.


10. Costs of Enforcement: The Parties agree that if this Agreement is
breached, the breaching Party shall save and hold harmless the non-
breaching Party from any and all claims, costs, and expenses including, but
not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred as a result of the
breach.


11. Execution in Counterparts: It is understood and agreed that this
Agreement may be executed in identical counterparts and may be transmitted
by email or facsimile, each of which shall be deemed an original for all
purposes.


12. Authorization to Act: The Parties warrant that they are authorized and
empowered to execute this Agreement on their own behalf and on behalf of
any person or entity for which they have signed the Agreement.


13. Voluntary Act:


a. The Parties acknowledge that they have read this Agreement and agree to
the terms as set forth in it.


b. Further the Parties acknowledge that they have had an opportunity to
consult with legal counsel and any other advisers they wish of their own
choice with respect to the contents hereof and are signing this Agreement
of their own free will.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties
have executed the foregoing General Release and Settlement Agreement.


Signatures follow







