
WHEREAS, [ENTER THE NAME OF THE SHAREHOLDERS], referred to hereafter as
SHAREHOLDERS, are the owners of a total of [ENTER PRESENT NUMBER OF SHARES
HELD BY SHAREHOLDERS] shares of [ENTER THE CLASS OF STOCK HELD] stock of
[ENTER THE NAME OF THE CORPORATION] and they desire to agree to certain
actions to be taken to protect the value of their holdings, IT IS AGREED:


That [ENTER THE SIGNATORY TO ACT AS SECRETARY OF AGREEMENT], whose address
is @ 518, a charter signatory to this agreement, shall act as the SECRETARY
of this agreement.


All future purchases of the same class stock by the signatories to this
agreement shall also subject the newly purchased shares to this agreement.
The SECRETARY of this agreement shall be notified of any future purchases
of shares.


In the event that the CORPORATION shall reorganize or recapitalize, then
the agreement shall continue into force with the security or securities
issued in lieu of this class being subject to the agreement.


If any SHAREHOLDER transfers his shares, the SHAREHOLDER shall be required
to have the transferee execute this agreement.


All shares subject to this agreement shall be conspicuously endorsed with
the following legend:


"These shares are subject to restrictions contained in a


shareholders agreement dated _________________________________." A copy may
be obtained from [ENTER THE SIGNATORY TO ACT AS SECRETARY OF AGREEMENT],
whose address is [ENTER THE SECRETARY'S COMPLETE ADDRESS]." All signatories
to this agreement shall notify the SECRETARY of any transfer, and provide a
full copy of the documents of transfer to the SECRETARY.


All shares subject to this agreement shall be voted for the following
candidates for the offices stated:


[ENTER THE NAMES OF THE CANDIDATES TO BE VOTED FOR]


[ENTER THE OFFICES TO BE VOTED FOR]


In the event that the individuals set forth above are unwilling or
incapable of serving, then a vote of the shareholders shall be taken for
new candidates, all of whom shall be signatories to this agreement, then
holding stock in the CORPORATION. A simple majority vote shall be necessary
with votes being counted by [VOTES FOR REPLACEMENT OFFICERS WILL BE COUNTED
BY].


In the event of failure to obtain a majority, a run off will be held among
the top two finishers.


In the event that no signatory is willing or eligible to serve, and all
signatories decline to run, a non-signatory may be nominated, and elected
by a simple majority with votes being counted by [VOTES FOR REPLACEMENT
OFFICERS WILL BE COUNTED BY].


The parties hereto agree that they shall not sell any of the shares covered
by this agreement unless it is at a minimum price of $ [ENTER THE MINIMUM
PRICE PER SHARE] ([ENTER THE MINIMUM PRICE PER SHARE] dollars) per share.
In the event of a recapitalization, the price shall be adjusted so that
equivalent units of stock are subject to the same minimum price as stated
above.


In the event that any shareholder desires to sell any part of their
holdings to an individual not a signatory to this agreement, they shall
obtain such bona fide offers as they may desire, and report the offers in
writing to the SECRETARY, and shall mark the offer which they desire to
accept. The SECRETARY shall then notify all of the signatories of the
proposed offer, and any signatory shall be entitled to a right of first
refusal to purchase the shares on the same terms as the accepted offer
within 30 days. In the event that more than one signatory is desirous of
purchasing the shares shall be sold pro-rata to each shareholder desiring
to purchase the same.


The signatories shall all vote [THE PARTIES WILL VOTE] that certain merger
or asset purchase subject to the approval of shareholders proposed by
[ENTER NAME OF PARTY PROPOSING A MERGER] and any additional offers made by
[ENTER NAME OF PARTY PROPOSING A MERGER].


This agreement shall be binding upon the successors of the signatories.


[DATE]

