
                           NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


THIS Nondisclosure Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into as
of [DATE], by and between [COMPANY] (the “Company”) and [OTHER PARTY], (the
“Recipient”) (collectively, the “Parties”).


The Parties hereby agree as follows:


1. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean
any and all non-public information the Company has disclosed or may
disclose to the Recipient, including but not limited to information related
to: production of legal materials, software development and design,
business or software architecture, software not yet known to the public,
clients or prospective clients, internal communications, events, or
meetings, or any other research, development, operations, marketing,
transactions, regulatory affairs, discoveries, inventions, methods,
processes, articles, materials, algorithms, formulas, specifications,
designs, drawings, data, strategies, plans, prospects, know-how and ideas,
whether tangible or intangible, and including all copies, analyses and
other derivatives thereof.


2. The Recipient agrees (i) not to disclose any Confidential Information or
any information derived therefrom to any third person, (ii) to keep the
Company’s Confidential Information confidential and take all the reasonable
precautions to protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information
with the same degree of care with which it protects the confidentiality of
its own confidential information, but in no event with less than a
reasonable degree of care, and (iii) not to use any Confidential
Information for any purpose whatsoever except to advance the legitimate
business interests of the Company under written or oral instruction of the
Company’s authorized officers.


3. All right, title, and interest in and to the Confidential Information
shall remain with Company or its licensors. Nothing in this Agreement is
intended to grant any rights to Recipient under any patents, copyrights,
trademarks, or trade secrets of Company.


4. The validity, construction and enforceability of this Agreement shall be
governed in all respects by the law of England. This Agreement may not be
amended except in writing signed by a duly authorized representative of the
respective Parties. This Agreement shall control in the event of a conflict
with any other agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject
matter hereof. The failure of either party to enforce its rights under this
Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of
such rights.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.

