
                 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT


This Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made
and entered into as [DATE], by and between [COMPANY] (the “Company”) and
[OTHER PARTY] (the “Recipient”) (collectively, the “Parties”).


The Parties hereby agree as follows:


1. The Recipient agrees to assign to the Company, or its designee, all
right, title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, original works
of authorship, developments, concepts, improvements, designs, drawings,
discoveries, algorithms, formulas, computer code, ideas, trademarks, or
trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registrable under patent,
copyright or similar laws, related to the Company’s business, which the
Intern may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or
cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice, with the use of
Company’s equipment, supplies, facilities, assets, or Company Confidential
Information (see NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT), or which may arise out of any
research or other activity conducted under the direction of the Company
(collectively referred to as “Intellectual Property”).


2. The Recipient understands and agrees that (i) all original works for
authorship which are made by the Recipient (solely or jointly with others)
within the scope of the Company’s business which are protectable by
copyright as defined in the Australian Copyright Act 1968 and (ii) the
decision whether or not to commercialize or market any Intellectual
Property is within the Company’s sole discretion and for the Company’s sole
benefit and that no royalty or other consideration will be due to the
Recipient as a result of the Company’s efforts to commercialize or market
any such Intellectual Property.


3. The validity, construction and enforceability of this Agreement shall be
governed in all respects by the law of New South Wales, Australia. This
Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by a duly authorized
representative of the respective Parties. This Agreement shall control in
the event of a conflict with any other agreement between the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. The failure of either party to
enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall
not be construed as a waiver of such rights.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.


Agreed for and on behalf of [COMPANY]


Signature


Print Name


Agreed for and on behalf of [RECIPIENT]


[SIGNATURE]


[PRINT NAME]

