
                   MUST BE COMPLETED BY ALL PARTICIPANTS 



In consideration of the opportunity to participate and/or attend the [EVENT
NAME] conducted by [COMPANY], I do hereby release, hold harmless and
forever discharge and agree not to sue [COMPANY], [LANDLORD], [CO-
ORGANIZER], [HOST]  or any of the above-mentioned trustees, officers,
agents, and employees (collectively “Hosts”), from any and all claims,
responsibilities or liabilities for injury or damages resulting from or
arising out of my attendance at, or participation in the [EVENT NAME],
whether or not caused by the ordinary negligence of the Hosts.


I have also been informed and understand that [COMPANY] is producing a
videotape program and that my name, likeness, image, voice, appearance and
performance is being recorded and made a part of that production
("Product"). I grant [COMPANY] and its designees the right to use my name,
likeness, image, voice, appearance and performance as embodied in the
Product whether recorded on or transferred to videotape, film, slides,
photographs, audiotapes or other media, now known or later developed.  This
grant includes without limitation the right to edit, mix or duplicate, and
to use or re-use the Product in whole or in part as [COMPANY] may elect. 
[COMPANY] or its designee shall have complete ownership of the Product in
which I appear, including copyright interest, and I acknowledge that I have
no interest or ownership in the Product or its copyright. I also grant
[COMPANY] and its designees the right to broadcast, exhibit, market, sell
and otherwise distribute the Product, either in whole or in parts, and
either alone or with other products, for commercial or non-commercial
television or theater, closed-circuit exhibition, home video distribution
or any other purpose that [COMPANY] or its designees in their sole
discretion may determine.  This grant includes the right to use the Product
for promoting or publicizing any of the uses. I confirm that I have the
right to enter into this Agreement, that I am not restricted by any
commitments to other parties, and that [COMPANY] has no financial
commitment or obligations to me as a result of this Agreement.  I hereby
give all clearances, copyright and otherwise, for the use of my name,
likeness, image, voice, appearance and performance embodied in the
Product.  I expressly release and indemnify [COMPANY] and its officers,
employees, agents and designees from any and all claims known or unknown
arising out of or in any way connected with the above granted uses and
representations.  The rights granted [COMPANY] herein are perpetual and
worldwide. In consideration of all of the above, I hereby give my consent
without requiring compensation of any sort.



I have read the foregoing and hereby agree to be bound by it.


 


[ATTENDEE LEGAL NAME]


[DATE] 




[pic]

