
                LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY OPERATING AGREEMENT


                                     FOR


                          _________________________

              A Single Member-Managed Limited Liability Company


                                  ARTICLE I


                              Company Formation


1.1 FORMATION. The Member hereby does form a Limited Liability Company
("Company") subject to the provisions of the Limited Liability Company Act
as currently in effect as of this date. Articles of Organization shall be
filed with the Secretary of State.


1.2 NAME. The name of the Company shall be:
____________________________________.


1.3 REGISTERED AGENT. The name and location of the registered agent of the
Company shall be:


                    ____________________________________


                           ______________________


                           ______________________


                           _______________________


1.4 TERM. The Company shall continue for a perpetual period unless,


(a) The Member votes for dissolution; or


(b) Any event which makes it unlawful for the business of the Company to be
carried on by the Member; or


(c) Any other event causing dissolution of this Limited Liability Company
under the laws of the State of ___________________.


1.5 CONTINUANCE OF COMPANY. Notwithstanding the provisions of ARTICLE 1.4,
in the event of an occurrence described in ARTICLE 1.4(c), if there is at
least one remaining Member, said remaining Member shall have the right to
continue the business of the Company. Such right can be exercised by the
written vote of the remaining Member within ninety (90) days after the
occurrence of an event described in ARTICLE 1.4(c). If not so exercised,
the right of the Member to continue the business of the Company may
expireif that member desires.


1.6 BUSINESS PURPOSE. The purpose of the Company is
to__________________________
________________________________________________________________________
________________________________________________________________________


1.7 PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS. The location of the principal place of
business of the Company shall be:


                          _________________________


                          _________________________


                          _________________________


The principal place of business may be changed to a location the Member may
select. The Member may also choose to store company documents at any
address the Member chooses.


1.8 MEMBER. The name and place of residence of the member are contained in
Exhibit 1 attached to this Agreement.


1.9 ADMISSION OF ADDITIONAL MEMBERS. Except as otherwise expressly provided
in the Agreement, additional members may be admitted to the Company through
issuance by the company of a new interest in the Company or a sale of
current a percent of current Member’s interest.


                                 ARTICLE II


                            Capital Contributions


2.1 INITIAL CONTRIBUTIONS. The Member initially shall contribute to the
Company capital as described in Exhibit 2 attached to this Agreement. The
total value of such property and cash is ____________________________.


2.2 ADDITIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS. Except as provided in ARTICLE 6.2, no Member
shall be obligated to make any additional contribution to the Company's
capital.


                                 ARTICLE III


                      Profits, Losses and Distributions


3.1 PROFITS/LOSSES. For financial accounting and tax purposes the Company's
net profits or net losses shall be determined on an annual basis and shall
be allocated to the Members in proportion to each Member's relative capital
interest in the Company as set forth in Exhibit 2 as amended from time to
time in accordance with Treasury Regulation 1.704-1.


3.2 DISTRIBUTIONS. The Member shall determine and distribute available
funds annually or at more frequent intervals as the Member sees fit.
Available funds, as referred to herein, shall mean the net cash of the
Company available after appropriate provision for expenses and liabilities,
as determined by the Member. Distributions in liquidation of the Company or
in liquidation of a Member's interest shall be made in accordance with the
positive capital account balances pursuant to Treasury Regulation 1.704-
l(b)(2)(ii)(b)(2). To the extent a Member shall have a negative capital
account balance, there shall be a qualified income offset, as set forth in
Treasury Regulation 1.704-l(b)(2)(ii)(d).


3.3 C CORPORATION ELECTION. The Member may elect to be treated as a C
corporation at any time to keep the profits of the LLC at the company level
and not be forced to distribute profits to the Member.


                                 ARTICLE IV


                                 Management


4.1 MANAGEMENT OF THE BUSINESS. The management of the business is invested
in the Member.


4.2 MEMBER. The liability of the Member shall be limited as provided
pursuant to applicable law. The Member is in control, management,
direction, and operation of the Company's affairs and shall have powers to
bind the Company with any legally binding agreement, including setting up
and operating a LLC company bank account.


4.3 POWERS OF THE MEMBER. The Member is authorized on the Company's behalf
to make all decisions in accordance with ARTICLE 4.2 as to (a) the sale,
development lease or other disposition of the Company's assets; (b) the
purchase or other acquisition of other assets of all kinds; (c) the
management of all or any part of the Company's assets; (d) the borrowing of
money and the granting of security interests in the Company's assets; (e)
the pre-payment, refinancing or extension of any loan affecting the
Company's assets; (f ) the compromise or release of any of the Company's
claims or debts; and, (g) the employment of persons, firms or corporations
for the operation and management of the company's business. In the exercise
of its management powers, the Member is authorized to execute and deliver
(a) all contracts, conveyances, assignments leases, sub-leases, franchise
agreements, licensing agreements, management contracts and maintenance
contracts covering or affecting the Company's assets; (b) all checks,
drafts and other orders for the payment of the Company's funds; (c) all
promissory notes, loans, security agreements and other similar documents;
and, (d) all other instruments of any other kind relating to the Company's
affairs, whether like or unlike the foregoing.


4.7 NOMINEE. Title to the Company's assets shall be held in the Company's
name or in the name of any nominee that the Member may designate. The
Member shall have power to enter into a nominee agreement with any such
person, and such agreement may contain provisions indemnifying the nominee,
except for his willful misconduct.


4.8 COMPANY INFORMATION. Upon request, the Chief Executive Member shall
supply to any member information regarding the Company or its activities.
Each Member or his authorized representative shall have access to and may
inspect and copy all books, records and materials in the Chief Executive
Member’s possession regarding the Company or its activities.


4.9 EXCULPATION. Any act or omission of the Member, the effect of which may
cause or result in loss or damage to the Company or the Member if done in
good faith to promote the best interests of the Company, shall not subject
the Member to any liability to the Member.


4.10 INDEMNIFICATION. The Company shall indemnify any person who was or is
a party defendant or is threatened to be made a party defendant, pending or
completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the right
of the Company) by reason of the fact that he is or was a Member of the
Company, Manager, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving at
the request of the Company, for instant expenses (including attorney's
fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if
the Member acted in good faith and in a manner he/she reasonably believed
to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Company, and with
respect to any criminal action proceeding, has no reasonable cause to
believe his/her conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit,
or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of
"no lo Contendere" or its equivalent, shall not in itself create a
presumption that the person did or did not act in good faith and in a
manner which he/she reasonably believed to be in the best interest of the
Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had
reasonable cause to believe that his/her conduct was lawful.


4.11 RECORDS. The Member shall cause the Company to keep at its principal
place of business or other location the following:


(a) A copy of the Certificate of Formation and the Company Operating
Agreement and all amendments;


(b) Copies of the Company's federal, state and local income tax returns and
reports, if any, for the three most recent years;


(c) Copies of any financial statements of the limited liability company for
the three most recent years.


                                  ARTICLE V


                                Compensation


5.1 MEMBER MANAGEMENT FEE. Any Member rendering services to the Company
shall be entitled to compensation commensurate with the value of such
services.


5.2 REIMBURSEMENT. The Company shall reimburse the Member for all direct
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Member in managing the Company.


                                 ARTICLE VI


                                 Bookkeeping


6.1 BOOKS. The Member shall maintain complete and accurate books of account
of the Company's affairs at the Company's principal place of business or
other agreed location. Such books shall be kept on such method of
accounting as the Member shall select. The company's accounting period
shall be the calendar year.


6.2 MEMBER'S ACCOUNTS. The Member shall maintain separate capital and
distribution accounts for each member. Each member's capital account shall
be determined and maintained in the manner set forth in Treasury Regulation
1.704-l(b)(2)(iv) and shall consist of his initial capital contribution
increased by:


(a) Any additional capital contribution made by him/her;


(b) Credit balances transferred from his distribution account to his
capital account;
and decreased by:


(a) Distributions to him/her in reduction of Company capital;


(b) The Member's share of Company losses if charged to his/her capital
account.


6.3 REPORTS. The Member shall close the books of account after the close of
each calendar year, and shall prepare and send to each member a statement
of such Member's distributive share of income and expense for income tax
reporting purposes.


                                 ARTICLE VII


                                  Transfers


7.1 ASSIGNMENT. According to the appropriate Court, should the Member have
a creditor with a judgment that was issued an assignment of the membership
interest, the creditor shall only obtain an assignment of the membership
interest, not the actual transfer of Membership in the LLC. The new
assignee does not have any rights of the Member or have the ability to be
involved in management of the LLC or the right to dissolve the LLC. The new
assignee is only granted rights of the distributions of the Member’s
interests, if the Member decides to distribute at all, not the rights of
membership. The assignee must release the Member’s interests back to Member
upon payment of the judgment in accordance with the appropriate Court.


                                ARTICLE VIII


                                 Dissolution


8.1 DISSOLUTION. The Member may dissolve the LLC at any time. The Member
may NOT dissolve the LLC for a loss of membership interests. Upon
dissolution the LLC must pay its debts first before distributing cash,
assets, and/or initial capital to the Member or the Members interests. The
dissolution may only be ordered by the Member, not by the owner of the
Members interests.


                          CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION


This Company Operating Agreement is entered into and shall become effective
as of the Effective Date by and among the Company and the person executing
this Agreement as Member. It is the Member’s express intention to create a
limited liability company in accordance with applicable law, as currently
written or subsequently amended or redrafted.


The undersigned hereby agree, acknowledge, and certify that the foregoing
operating agreement is adopted and approved by each member, the agreement
consisting of ____ pages, constitutes, together with Exhibit 1, Exhibit 2
and Exhibit 3 (if any), the Operating Agreement of
____________________________________________________, adopted by the member
as of _______________________, _______ 20______.


Member:


________________________________ Printed Name ________________________


Signature


Percent: _____%


                                  EXHIBIT 1


LISTING OF MEMBERS


As of the _____ day of ______________________, 20_____ the following is a
list of Members of the Company:


Name_________________________________ Percent ______%


Address _______________________________________________


                                  EXHIBIT 2


                            CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS


Pursuant to ARTICLE 2, the Member’s initial contribution to the Company
capital is stated to be $______________________. The description and each
individual portion of this initial contribution are as follows:


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


__________________________________________________________ $______________


SIGNED AND AGREED this _____ day of ________________, 20____.



____________________________________


Member

