
20.1 Skype Number and Skype To Go


20.1.1 Availability of Skype Number and Skype To Go number: If You are
eligible for, and have subscribed for a Skype Number or a Skype To Go
number, it will be made available for You to use as soon as reasonably
possible after You have completed the payment. In certain countries, the
number may be made available to You by Skype’s partner instead of Skype,
and You may need to enter into a separate agreement with such partner. You
acknowledge and understand that the availability and distribution of the
number does not constitute any transfer of any property or other rights
with respect to the numbers.


20.1.2 Termination of numbers: Skype is entitled to refuse to make
available, change or terminate any number made available to You at any time
for any reason, including but not limited to:


(i) if You or Your Administrators or Business Users don’t comply with this
Agreement or any of the applicable Additional Terms;


(ii) if You or Your Administrators or Business Users don’t comply with any
instructions given by Skype and/or its partners in relation to the Skype
Products; and/or


(iii) if the number is withdrawn, terminated or changed by any of Skype’s
partners for any reason.


20.1.3 Changes to numbers: In the event that Skype changes the Skype Number
or Skype To Go number that has been made available to You, Skype will send
a notification by email, stating the effective date of the change and Your
new number. If You do not wish to accept this new number, You are entitled
to terminate Your number, by contacting Skype Customer Support via Your
Skype Manager, with effect from the date on which the new number will be
allocated to You.


20.1.4 Your co-operation: You agree that You will (and You shall ensure
that Your Administrators and Business Users will):


(i) comply with any reasonable instructions given by Skype or Skype's
partners with regard to the use of the numbers and the Skype Products
including but not limited to compliance with any terms of service of
Skype’s partners;


(ii) provide accurate and complete information with regard to Your and Your
Business Users’ place of residence and use of the number(s), and such other
information as may reasonably be required from time to time by Skype.


20.2 Skype WiFi Skype WiFi is provided by one of Skype’s wifi partners. The
use of Skype WiFi by Your Business Users is subject to the third party
terms and conditions of the applicable partner.


20.3 Subscriptions


20.3.1 You may purchase, allocate and pay for a Subscription via Your Skype
Manager. A Subscription is a Recurring Product and therefore Your purchase
of a Subscription will result in recurring charges being applied at
monthly, quarterly or annual intervals (as defined by You at the time of
purchase of the Subscription) until the Subscription is terminated by You
or by Skype.


20.3.2 Subscriptions are for individual use only. A Subscription may only
be purchased for use with a Business Account where the Business Account is
allocated to a specific Business User for Individual Use, and such Business
User is prohibited from sharing the Subscription with any other User. Use
of a Subscription for Shared Use with a Business Product is prohibited. You
shall ensure that Your Business Users comply with these restrictions at all
times. If You purchase a Subscription and allocate it to a Consumer Account
or a Business Account in accordance with this paragraph 20.3.2, You are not
able to withdraw a Subscription once allocated to a Skype Account.


20.3.3 Fair Usage. Most Subscriptions are subject to Skype’s fair usage
policy at http://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair_usage/. Calls to phones and
Skype To Go calls are included in a Subscription, subject to the fair usage
policy. Skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any
time. Changes shall become effective when published on the Skype Website.
Your continued use of Your subscription after publication of the revised
version shall constitute Your acceptance to be bound by the terms and
conditions of the revised fair usage policy.


20.3.4 Changes to Subscriptions. Skype reserves the right to withdraw or
change the Subscriptions at any time. If Skype changes the Skype Products
included in a Subscription, Skype will send a notification by email,
stating the changes and their effective date. If You do not wish to accept
these changes, You are entitled to terminate the Subscription by contacting
Skype Customer Support via Your Skype Manager, with effect from the date on
which the changes are due to take effect.


20.3.5 Cancellation of Subscriptions. You may cancel a Subscription at any
time. Once You have cancelled a Subscription, the User to whom that
Subscription was allocated may continue to use that Subscription until the
end of the current billing period, at which point the Subscription will be
terminated.


20.3.6 In the event that there is, or Skype suspects that there is, any
fraudulent activity or misuse of a Subscription by You and/or Your Business
Users, Skype reserves the right to terminate the Subscription with
immediate effect and without a refund.


20.4 SMS


20.4.1 This Skype Product is available to all Business Users. A Business
User is charged per SMS for all SMS text messages sent from Skype to SMS-
enabled numbers worldwide – see http://www.skype.com/en/features/sms for
full details of the functionality and destinations available.


20.4.2. SMS is not available through certain applications.


20.4.3 You shall ensure that Your Business Users shall not send any
unsolicited SMS and/or SMS containing commercial material or material over
which they do not have rights of dissemination.


20.4.4 Each SMS message has a limit of 160 characters. If a Business User
types a longer message it will be broken down into several SMS messages and
You will be charged accordingly for each message sent. If the Business User
types a character that is not supported by the GSM character set, the
format of the SMS may be converted to Unicode, which is subject to a 70
character limit per message.


20.4.5 Business Users can send SMS messages to more than one person at a
time (subject to any restrictions on the overall number of concurrent
messages that may be imposed by Skype or its partners from time to time).
However, please note that You will be charged for each SMS sent. You shall
ensure that Your Business Users shall not send any unsolicited SMS and/or
SMS containing commercial material or material over which they do not have
rights of dissemination.


20.4.6 If Skype cannot (for whatever reason) send an SMS, its status will
be shown as “pending”. Skype will continue to try and send the message for
up to 24 hours and if we cannot properly send the message within this
timeframe then the SMS charge will be refunded automatically.


20.5 Calls to premium rate numbers


20.5.1 Premium rate numbers. Calls can be made to premium rate numbers in
order to get access to third party content. Such content can consist of
information services, helpline services, entertainment, competition or
other types of content made available by third parties to Your Business
Users.


20.5.2.Limited availability. Calls may only be made to certain premium rate
numbers and Skype may enable or disable premium rate numbers at any time at
its sole discretion.


20.5.3 Responsibility for unauthorized use. You are solely responsible and
liable for all activities conducted through Your Business Accounts,
including any calls to premium rate numbers, even if such activities were
to occur without Your permission.


20.5.4 Subscriptions not applicable. Please note that calls to premium rate
numbers are Ratable Products only and are not included in any Subscriptions
even when calls to phones are covered by such Subscriptions.


20.5.5 No responsibility for the content. All content delivered to You
through premium rate numbers is provided by third parties unrelated to
Skype. You acknowledge that Skype does not control, monitor or have
knowledge of any part of such content which is entirely the responsibility
of the third party service provider from whom it originates. That means it
is possible that You could be exposed to content that is offensive, harmful
to minors, indecent or otherwise objectionable.


20.5.6 Support. If You encounter any problems upon calling premium rate
numbers, please contact Skype Customer Support via Your Skype Manager.


20.6 Voice messages Limits of usage. Skype may from time to time introduce,
remove or amend limitations to the use of the Voice messages Skype Product
including, without limitation, message storage time, number of messages and
message length.


20.8 Group Video Calling


20.8.1 Group Video Calling Recurring Product. Group Video Calling is a
Recurring Product that enables You or Your Users to make group video calls
from Skype Accounts (“Group Video Calling”). You may purchase, allocate and
pay for Group Video Calling via Your Skype Manager


20.8.2 Individual Use. Group Video Calling is for Individual Use only.
Group Video Calling may may only be purchased for use with a Business
Account where the Business Account is allocated to a specific Business User
for Individual Use and such Business User is prohibited from sharing Group
Video Calling with any other User. Use of Group Video Calling for Shared
Use with a Business Product is prohibited. You shall ensure that Your
Business Users comply with these restrictions at all times. If You purchase
a Group Video Calling Product and allocate it to a Consumer Account or a
Business Account in accordance with this paragraph 20.8.2, You are not able
to withdraw it from that Skype Account.


20.8.3 Fair Usage Policy. Group Video Calling is subject to a fair usage
policy, described at http://www.skype.com/en/legal/gvc-fair-usage . Skype
reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time. Changes
shall become effective when published on the Skype Website. Your continued
use of Group Video Calling after publication on the Skype Website shall
constitute Your acceptance to be bound by the terms and conditions of the
revised fair usage policy.


20.8.5 Number of Participants. You may choose monthly, quarterly or
annually recurring terms for Group Video Calling. The number of permitted
participants on a group video call varies from 3 to a maximum of 10,
subject to the system requirements of Your Business User’s PC or device.
You can find more details at www.skype.com/en/features/group-video-chat.


20.8.6 Audio Conversion. If Group Video Calling terminates during a group
video call, or it has exceeded the fair usage limit, or the owner of the
Group Video Calling Product leaves the call (and there is no other
participant on the call who owns a Group Video Calling Product), then the
call will convert from video to audio.


20.8.7 Skype Software Versions. Not all versions of the Skype Software are
able to support Group Video Calling. You may need to upgrade to a version
of Skype Software that is able to support Group Video Calling before You or
Your Business Users can use Group Video Calling and/or before You or Your
Business Users can participate in a group video call. If a participant of a
group video call is not on a version of Skype Software that supports Group
Video Calls, then the call will be an audio call only for that participant.
For details of the system requirements for Group Video Calling, please see
http://www.skype.com/go/skypepremium.requirements.


20.9 Skype Video Messaging (“Video Messaging”)


20.9.1 If you are not a Skype Premium subscriber, the number of Video
Messages you can send are limited and will be subject to an expiry date.


20.9.2 Fair Use Policy: This FUP is designed to prevent fraud and abuse of
Video Messaging. Video Messaging is for personal, individual and non-
commercial use only, and to be in accordance with these Terms at all times
(“Legitimate Use”). Skype reserves the right to take any unlawful,
prohibited, abnormal or unusual activity into account in making its
determination as to whether your activity does not constitute Legitimate
Use. Skype may in its option, terminate its relationship with you, or
suspend your account immediately if it determines you are using Video
Messaging contrary to this FUP or these Terms.

