
If you do not have our express written agreement/permission to use the
Skype Brand Elements, you may still use certain restricted Skype Brand
Elements in specific limited circumstances, but ONLY as set out below in
this section 3 and section 4 below. You should not use any Skype Brand
Elements in any way that expresses or implies Skype affiliation,
association, sponsorship, endorsement, certification, or approval.


(a) Use of Skype Word Marks to refer factually to our company or our
products


You may use certain of our Word Marks (see selected list of Word Marks at
the end of this document) in order to identify the Skype group of companies
or its products, but you may not use our icons, logos, taglines or any
other features of the Skype Brand Elements.


"I use the Skype software."


"I use the


software."


"Skype provides Internet communications products."


If you have any questions or are uncertain about how to use our Word Marks,
please contact permissions@skype.net.


(b) Your Skype contact details


You may use the Skype “S” logo on your business cards and/or on your
website next to your Skype name, in the same way that you might use the
image of a letter for your email address. As such, it should be small (and
no bigger than other symbols used for other contact methods), placed
appropriately with your other contact methods and non-prominent e.g.:


[your Skype name](c) Screenshots


You may not use screen shots of Skype product boot-up screens, opening
screens, "splash screens," or screens from beta release products or other
products that have not been commercially released. You may use other screen
shots in advertising, in documentation (including educational brochures),
in tutorial books, in videotapes, or on websites, provided that, in
addition to the requirements above, you:


(i) contact permissions@skype.net with details of your request and the
image you wish to use and do not use without their approval


(ii) do not alter the screen shot except to resize it


(iii) do not use portions of screen shots


(iv) do not include screen shots in your product user interface


(v) do not use screen shots that contain third-party content


(vi) do not use screen shots that contain an image of an identifiable
individual


(d) Linking


You may link to the Skype.com website from another website owned by you,
provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our
reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a
way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement by Skype
where none exists. You may not frame the site on any other site.


(e) School reports and projects


Provided that you comply with these Guidelines, you may: use images or
content from Skype products in school and college reports; and critique or
comment on the Skype products.


(f) Publications, Seminars, and Conferences


You may refer to Skype on the cover of magazines and periodicals, and in
the topic outlines in seminars and conferences, provided you comply with
these Guidelines and the following specifications:


(i) The publication, seminar, or conference should relate to the specific
Skype product or technology referenced.


(ii) Your name and logo should appear more prominently than the Skype word
mark on all printed materials related to the magazine, periodical, seminar,
or conference.


(iii) You must include the following notice in legible print:


“[List the Skype Brand Elements being used] [is/are] [a] trade mark[s] of
Skype and [name of publication] is not affiliated, sponsored, authorised or
otherwise associated by/with the Skype group of companies.”


(iv) Do not use Skype Word Mark in the title of any magazine, periodical,
seminar, or conference.


(v) Do not use any Skype logos on or in the publication, or on any
materials related to the publication, seminar, or conference. Special
circumstances may merit a license from Skype.


(g) Use in broadcasts


Broadcasters and studios can incorporate live face-to-face video calls into
TV and film. Skype can also be used for free Skype-to-Skype calls during
radio programming. Skype can be used for live on-air feeds from remote
locations, for interviewing viewers in their homes, for engaging experts
from around the world, and even for connecting with correspondents in the
field.


If you are using Skype in a broadcast, you must use certain Skype Brand
Elements to indicate this use, but such use is only in accordance with the
Broadcast Terms of Service and the Branding Guidelines for Broadcast and
Film and these Guidelines.


(h) Use by developers


(i) Desktop API: If you want to use the Skype desktop API for any purpose
(including without limitation, in connection with an application or
software program or for the purpose of interfacing with hardware), you must
first accept the terms at http://dev.skype.com/accessories/terms.
Subject to those terms, you are then permitted to refer to your product’s
compatibility with Skype, but only in accordance with the Skype public API
Terms of Use (see http://dev.skype.com/accessories/terms, which may be
amended from time to time) and these Guidelines. You must not call your
application Skype, anything similar to Skype or use the Skype logo. You
must regularly monitor these websites to ensure that your use conforms to
any guidelines or terms.


(ii) SkypeKit program, “plugged into Skype™”: If you are accepted into the
SkypeKit program and your software product meets our testing criteria, you
will be entitled to use the term “plugged into Skype™” to describe your
product’s compatibility with Skype. You may apply to become part of the
SkypeKit program by going to the Skype Developer website at
http://dev.skype.com and requesting an invitation. You will also be
permitted to use the “plugged into Skype” logo (as shown on the Skype
Developer website at http://dev.skype.com/skypekit) on your product,
packaging, website and promotional material. Such use must be in accordance
with the various Marketing Guidelines available on the SkypeKit pages. You
must not call your application Skype, anything similar to Skype or use the
Skype logo.


(iii) Using URIs to build Skype actions: You may use the sample URIs
available at http://dev.skype.com/skype-uri or create your own solely in
order to enable people to launch a Skype application or a Skype action. If
you use a URI for such a purpose you are required to use the Skype Brand
Elements available at http://dev.skype.com/skype-uri/branding to identify
the action and such use will be governed by these Trade Mark Guidelines and
any other guidelines which we may publish (and which may be amended from
time to time).


(i) Use by hardware partners


Hardware partners may use certain Skype Brand Elements depending on whether
or not they have been through and passed Skype’s certification process:


(i) SkypeKit program, “plugged into Skype™”: Hardware partners may apply to
become part of the SkypeKit program by going to the Skype Developer website
at http://dev.skype.com and requesting an invitation. If you are accepted
and your product meets our required testing criteria, you will be entitled
to use the term “plugged into Skype™” to describe your product’s
compatibility with Skype provided it incorporates a software component
built with SkypeKit . You will also be permitted to use the plugged into
Skype logo (as shown on the Skype Developer website at
http://dev.skype.com/skypekit) on your products, packaging, website and
promotional material. All such use must be in accordance with the various
Marketing Guidelines on the SkypeKit pages. You must not call your product
Skype, anything similar to Skype or use the Skype logo.


(ii) Accessories program: Certain hardware partners will have entered into
agreements with Skype which permit use of some of the Skype Brand Elements.
Those agreements will govern their rights to use those Skype Brand
Elements.


(j) Use by Affiliates


If you are a participant of the Skype Affiliate Programme, you are entitled
to use certain Skype banners and Skype Links (as that term is defined in
the Skype Affiliate Agreement), but such use is only permitted in
accordance with the terms of the Skype Affiliate Agreement and these
Guidelines

