
Except as provided below, Skype will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise
transfer any personal and/or traffic data or communications content outside
of Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your
explicit permission, unless it is obliged to do so under applicable laws or
by order of the competent authorities. Please note that information that
you voluntarily make public in your user profile, or which you disclose on
forums, discussions boards or by posting comments will be publicly
available and viewable by others.


Skype may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements,
exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to protect
Skype’s interests, fight against fraud and to enforce our policies or to
protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.


In order to provide you with Skype products you have requested, Skype may
sometimes, if necessary, share your personal and traffic data with Skype’s
group companies, carriers, partner service providers and/or agents. For
example the PSTN-VoIP gateway provider, WiFi access services providers,
distributors of Skype software and/or Skype products, and/or the third
party banking organizations or other providers of payment, email delivery,
analytical services, customer support, or hosting services. Skype will
always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and
technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to
observe the relevant legislation.


Some Skype products may be co-branded and offered together with or via a
partner company. If you register for or use such products, you consent to
both Skype and the partner company’s use of personal data collected in
connection with the co-branded product. Skype may offer its products in
connection with other websites or services or may team with other online
services to give you the combined results of both products/services or
additional services and benefits. To determine whether you would benefit
from the combined offer, if you have provided your consent, Skype may match
your email address, and email addresses of your contacts against email
addresses you have provided to the third party website/service provider.


If you are a member of the Skype Manager, detailed information about the
activity on your Skype account including traffic data and details of your
purchases and downloads may be accessed by your Skype Manager Administrator
if you have agreed to such access. You can withdraw your agreement at any
time by changing the settings on your account page on www.skype.com. If you
provide personal data including your name and job title to be included in
the Skype Manager directory, you acknowledge that such data may be viewed
by other members of the Skype Manager.


If you leave a voicemail for another Skype user, your voicemail message may
be transferred to a third party service provider (where the Skype contact
you are trying to reach has signed up to receive voicemails by text
message), and will be converted to text. The conversion process may in
exceptional cases, require access by analysts. By using the voicemail
product, you consent to the processing of your voicemail message by Skype
and its service provider.


Skype, Skype's local partner, or the operator or company facilitating your
communication may provide personal data, communications content and/or
traffic data to an appropriate judicial, law enforcement or government
authority lawfully requesting such information. Skype will provide
reasonable assistance and information to fulfill this request and you
hereby consent to such disclosure.


Information that is collected by or sent to Skype and/or Microsoft may be
stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which
Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain
facilities. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data
in accordance with this article 4, Skype reserves the right to transfer
information outside of your country. By using Skype software, Skype's
websites or Skype products you consent to any such transfer of information
outside of your country. Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor
Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data
from the European Economic Area, and Switzerland. To learn more about the
Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit
www.export.gov/safeharbor.


As Microsoft continues to develop its business, Microsoft might sell or buy
subsidiaries or business units. In any such transactions in which Skype or
substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal
information of Skype users will generally be one of the transferred
business assets. We reserve the right to include your personal information
in any such transfer to a third party.

