
Enterprise Social Media Strategy Consulting Agreement


This Consulting Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of
[DATE], by and between [COMPANY NAME], an [STATE OF INCORPORATION]
corporation (the "Company"), and Margeaux Groene Consulting the
("Consultants").

WHEREAS, the Company desires to retain the services of the Consultants as
an independent contractor to perform consulting services for the Company
and the Consultants is willing to make the Consultants services available
to the Company.


NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises contained herein and
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Consultants agree as follows:


1. Engagement. The Company hereby engages the Consultants and the
Consultants hereby accepts engagement as a Consultant to the Company
subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. The
Consultants will for all purposes be deemed an independent contractor and
will not be deemed an agent or employee of the Company. The Consultants and
the Company do not intend to create a joint venture, partnership or other
relationships, which might impose a fiduciary obligation on the Consultants
or the Company in the performance of this Agreement. The Consultants
acknowledge and agree that the Consultants are obligated to report as
income all compensation received by the Consultants pursuant to this
Agreement and the Consultants agrees to and acknowledges the obligation to
pay all self-employment and other taxes thereon.


2. Consultants Duties. Throughout the term of this Agreement, the
Consultants will use the Consultants best efforts and due diligence to
perform for the Company various social media consultation tasks outlined in
the Enterprise Social Media Strategy proposal. These tasks include, but are
not limited to, assisting with the development of a social media strategy,
coaching on best practices for leveraging social media technologies, and
the development of tools and resources to measure success in using social
media tools. The Consultants shall set their own general hours of work and
shall provide their own workspace, office equipment and computer equipment
to perform their services hereunder, the Company being interested only in
Consultants timely and full completion of tasks assigned. The Consultants
may engage in other consulting work during the term of this Agreement
without the prior written consent of the Company, provided that (a) such
work does not cause the Consultants to be in violation of any terms of this
Agreement; and, (b) such work does not delay or hinder the work to be
performed under this Agreement.


3. Term and Termination. This Agreement will commence on the date first
written above and will continue for 30 days or termination as provided
herein. The Company may terminate this Agreement at any time for any reason
or no reason, with or without cause. The Consultants may terminate this
Agreement, provided there are no outstanding projects, upon giving prior
written notice to the Company specifying a termination date no sooner than
[FOURTEEN (14)] days after such notice is delivered to the Company. Any
such notice will be addressed to the Company at the address shown below or
such other address as the Company may notify the Consultants and will be
deemed given upon delivery if personally delivered, or [FORTY-EIGHT (48)
HOURS] after deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid,
registered or certified mail, return receipt requested. Upon such
termination, the Consultants obligation to provide the services will cease
and the Company will pay, within [THIRTY (30)] days of the effective date
of termination, all amounts owing to Consultants for unpaid Services and
related expenses, if any, in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement.


4. Compensation; Expenses. As compensation for the Services, the Company
agrees to pay the Consultants
$[TOTAL COMPENSATION] total in one monthly payment and a deposit of
$[MONTHLY INSTALLMENT] commencing with the signing of this Agreement. The
Company shall pay Consultants within 30 days following the date of each
monthly invoice. Consultants will be responsible for all expenses related
to the fulfillment of this Agreement; provided, however, the Company will
reimburse the Consultants for pre-approved, reasonable travel expenses
necessarily incurred and reasonably documented during the term hereof in
accordance with the Company's policies, procedures and practices.


5. Reports. The Consultants agree to keep the Company advised as to the
Consultants progress in performing the Services hereunder and the
Consultants will, as requested by the Company, prepare written reports with
respect thereto. The time required to prepare any such written reports will
be considered time devoted to the performance of the Consultants Services.


6. Conflicting Obligations. The Consultants certify that the Consultants
have no outstanding agreement or
obligation that conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement. The
Consultants will not enter into any agreements or obligations that would
conflict with any of the provisions of this Agreement or that would
preclude the Consultants from complying with the provisions hereof. In view
of the Consultants access to the Company's Confidential Information, the
Consultants further agrees that the Consultants will not, without Company's
prior written consent, design, write, develop or otherwise create, directly
or indirectly, any software or computer code that is similar in any way to
that provided, developed, modified or otherwise tested and maintained under
this Agreement for any third party during the term of this Agreement and
for a period of one(1) years after the termination of this Agreement.
Except as specifically authorized by the Company, the Consultants will not
for one(1) years after the termination of this Agreement: (i) request or
advise any supplier, customer or other person, firm, partnership,
association, corporation or business organization, entity or enterprise
having business dealings with the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of
the Company to withdraw, curtail or cancel such business dealings; or (ii)
induce or attempt to influence any employee or Consultants of the Company
or any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company to terminate his or her
employment or consulting relationship with the Company or such subsidiary
or affiliate.


7. Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any right or obligation hereunder
or interest herein may be assigned, transferred or delegated by the
Consultants without the prior written consent of the Company.


8. Arbitration and Equitable Relief. The parties will attempt to promptly
resolve any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to the
formation, performance or termination of this Agreement; provided, however,
if the parties are unable to reach a settlement amicably, such dispute will
be submitted to binding arbitration before a single arbitrator to be held
in Williamsburg, Virginia, in accordance with the rules then in effect of
the American Arbitration Association. Any negotiations pursuant to this
paragraph 8 are confidential and will be treated as compromise and
settlement negotiations for all purposes. The arbitrator may grant
injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of
the arbitrator will be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the
arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator's decision in any
court of competent jurisdiction. The Company and the Consultants shall each
pay one-half (½) of the costs and expenses of such arbitration, and each
shall separately pay its respective attorneys' fees and related expenses.
This arbitration provision shall be binding on all employees, agents,
contractors, investors, suppliers, vendors, assigns, purchasers, and
clients of the Company and the Consultants. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
the Company may pursue any remedies at law or in equity in the event the
Consultants fails to fully perform all of the covenants and agreements
herein. In the event the Company seeks injunctive relief or specific
performance, the Consultants agree that no bond or other security will be
required in obtaining such equitable relief and the Consultants hereby
consents to the issuance of an injunction and to the ordering of specific
performance.


9. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed, construed and controlled
by the laws of the State of Virginia, and the Federal Arbitration Act, the
latter to control in case of conflict. Both parties consent to the
jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of
Virginia and agree that the venue for any action brought under this
Agreement will be the District Court of James City County, or the United
States District Court for the Eastern District.


10. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of
the parties and supersede any prior agreements between them with respect to
the subject matter hereof.


11. Notices. Any notices required or made necessary by this Agreement shall
be in writing and delivered by email, certified mail, or overnight courier
to the below addresses.


12. Confidentiality. “Confidential Information” means information in any
form, not generally known to the public, disclosed to or acquired by the
Consultants directly or indirectly from the Company or any clients,
customers, business partners or affiliates of the Company during the term
hereof, including, without limitation:


(i) information relating to the research, developments, systems,
operations, clients, customers, and business activities and business plans
and planning of the Company;
(ii) information received from any clients, customers, business partners or
Affiliates of the Company;
(iii) information specifically designated by the Company as confidential;
and,
(iv) information relating to the Company’s products, including software
products, and all computer code
relating to such products, and specifically to include all computer code
disclosed to or developed by the Consultants during the term hereof;

The Consultants agree not, at any time, to disclose any Confidential
Information to any person not an employee or recognized Consultants of the
Company, nor will the Consultants use Confidential Information for any
purpose other than as required to perform his services hereunder. Further,
the Consultants agrees not, at any time, or in any way, to take or
reproduce Confidential Information unless required by the Company for the
Consultants to perform services hereunder. The Consultants will, upon the
termination hereof, return to the Company all Confidential Information in
his possession or under his control whether such Confidential Information.


13. Work Made for Hire. The Consultants hereby acknowledge and agree that
all original works of authorship, inventions, developments, improvements,
or trade secrets, including computer code, which are or shall be created by
the Consultants, solely or jointly with others, during the term of or
within the scope of this engagement, whether protectable by copyright or
patent, are/shall be “works made for hire” as that term is defined in the
United States Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. Section 101), and shall be owned
exclusively by the Company. Consultants shall promptly disclose to the
Company, shall hold in trust for the sole right and benefit of the Company,
and shall assign to the Company all his right, title and interest in and
to, such works of authorship, inventions, developments, improvements, or
trade secrets, including computer code. The Consultants hereby agree to
timely and fully cooperate with the Company, including providing signatures
and testimony, to protect such works of authorship, inventions,
developments, improvements, or trade secrets, including computer code,
under applicable foreign and domestic patent and copyright laws, and from
unauthorized use by third parties.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of
the day and year first above
written.

[DATE SIGNED]


[COMPANY SIGNER]


[COMPANY NAME]


[DATE SIGNED (CONSULTANTS)]

[CONSULTANT SIGNER]

[CONSULTANT NAME]

