

Spotify® Terms and Conditions of Use


Effective as from 30 November 2011.


This document (the “Agreement”) is a legally binding agreement between you
and Spotify USA Inc., a Delaware company (“Spotify”), that governs your use
of Spotify’s software application, including the Mobile Client as defined
in Section 5 below (the “Spotify Software Application”) and online
streaming Spotify Service (as defined below), both available at the Spotify
Websites (as defined in the Spotify Privacy Policy). The Spotify Service
can be accessed (i) as an ad-supported free-to-the-user service having no
monthly cap on listening hours or a cap on number of plays of a unique
track during the first 6 months following creation of your Spotify account
but thereafter a cap of 10 listening hours per month and a cap of 5 plays
per unique track (the “Free Service”), (ii) as an advertisement free
version of the Spotify Service for which you pay a monthly or yearly
subscription (the “Unlimited Service”), (iii) as an advertisement free
version of the Spotify Service including an offline mode which makes it
possible to listen to music without a connection to the Internet via
conditional downloads and other additional features for which you pay a
monthly or yearly subscription (the “Premium Service”), and (iv) as a
version of the Spotify Service that provides access to aspects of the
Spotify Service via a supported mobile handset (the “Mobile Service”). The
Unlimited Service, the Premium Service and the Mobile Service are
collectively referred to as the “Spotify Paid for Service”. The Free
Service, the Unlimited Service, the Premium Service, and the Mobile Service
are collectively referred to as the “Spotify Service”. Please note that you
must read and agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement before
you use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. If you do
not agree to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, you may NOT use the
Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service. For a detailed
description of the features in each of the Spotify Paid for Services,
please see the Spotify Websites.


1. Contract formation


By creating a Spotify account, either through Spotify or a third party such
as Facebook, Inc (“Facebook”), or commencing download of the Spotify
Software Application at the Facebook website or by using the Spotify
Software Application (including but not limited to the downloading of said
application) or the Spotify Service, you confirm that you are 18 years of
age or more, or that you are 13 years of age or more and that you have
received your parent’s or guardian’s consent to enter into this Agreement,
that you have your residence in the United States, that any registration
information that you submit to Spotify is true, accurate and complete, that
you will update such information in order to keep it current, and that you
agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and theSpotify Privacy
Policy.


2. Changes to the Agreement and notices


Spotify may make changes to this Agreement at its sole discretion. Changes
will be communicated to you by us posting the new version of the Agreement
on the Spotify Websites or as otherwise determined by Spotify in its sole
discretion and your acceptance of and / or continued use of the Spotify
Software Application or the Spotify Service after such notification of
changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
You may also be asked to reacknowledge and reaccept this Agreement
following any material changes.


3. Grant of license


You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to make
personal non-commercial use of the Spotify Software Application (including
a right to download said application) and the Spotify Service and to
receive by stream (and, where you have purchased the Premium Service or the
Mobile Service, by conditional download) the media content made available
through the Spotify Service in the United States. You do not have a right
to transfer or sublicense your rights under this Agreement. Third party
components included in the Spotify Software Application are licensed to you
either under this Agreement, or under the relevant third party component
license terms, as applicable, and published in the help section of the
Spotify Software Application.


4. Purchase of the Spotify Paid for Service


If you agree to pay the fee for access to the applicable Spotify Paid for
Service, such fee will be charged by the company designated by Spotify in
accordance with the payment method you have chosen for your purchase. If
you are paying by credit or debit card, by designating a card to be billed,
you confirm that you are authorized to make such purchase and that you are
the holder of such card (i.e. that the card is issued in your name). All
prices stated on the Spotify Websites are inclusive of any applicable sales
taxes and fees. Spotify accepts a variety of different payment methods, so
please check the Spotify Websites for the best way for you to pay.


5. The Mobile Service


You are required to have the most recent mobile version of the Spotify
Software Application (the “Mobile Client”) on your mobile handset in order
to use the Mobile Service. The Mobile Client may be acquired only via the
official channels authorized by Spotify. You agree that your access to and
right to use the Mobile Service is expressly conditioned on your
registering as a mobile subscriber via the authentication process
associated with the Mobile Client, which authentication process may include
additional terms and conditions applicable to the Mobile Service (the
“Mobile Terms”) and any Mobile Terms shall form part of this Agreement.
Only handsets that are supported by Spotify may be used to access the
Mobile Service and you agree that Spotify has no obligation to support any
particular make or model of handset, whether or not such make or model is
currently, or was previously supported by Spotify.


6. Premium code and unlimited code


Spotify also allows you to purchase an access code which will provide
access to the Premium Service and the Mobile Service (“Premium Code”). In
order to purchase a Premium Code please go to the Spotify Websites and
follow instructions. Your purchase and use of a Premium Code will be
governed by the Premium Code Terms and Conditions, as well as this
Agreement. Or you can choose to purchase an access code which will provide
access to the Unlimited Service (“Unlimited Code”). In order to purchase an
Unlimited Code please go to the Spotify Websites and follow instructions.
Your purchase and use of an Unlimited Code will be governed by the
Unlimited Code Terms and Conditions, as well as this Agreement.


7. Use of cached content


The “offline mode” of the Premium Service and the Mobile Service permits
you to download temporary copies of content and play it locally for so long
as you maintain your subscription to the applicable Spotify Paid for
Service. As a subscriber to the Premium Service, you are permitted to store
such cached content on up to three (3) separate devices.


8. Local files


The Spotify Software Application automatically generates a list of the
local music files which you have stored on your computer or other relevant
device. This function does not automatically copy or import these music
files. This automatic list function can be disabled in the preferences view
in the Spotify Software Application. The “local files” function of the
Spotify Service permits you to choose to import local files stored on your
computer or other relevant device into the Spotify Software Application or
to copy local files from your computer onto your mobile handset or other
relevant device using the Mobile Client. You may only import or copy files
that you have legally acquired, and have the right to import or copy. For
instance, you may not use the Spotify Service to import or copy any music
you have illegally downloaded from the Internet.


9. Prices


Spotify may change the price for the Spotify Paid for Service from time to
time. In respect of the Spotify Paid for Service, such changed price will
take effect after the expiry of the then current paid for period (i.e. the
term that you have already paid for). Any price change will be communicated
to you at least 14 days in advance so that you have an opportunity to elect
to not renew. If you do not wish to be bound by such changed price relating
to your Spotify Paid for Service you may terminate your subscription of
your Spotify Paid for Service in accordance with Section 16 (Term and
termination). Your continued use of the Spotify Paid for Service after the
communication of such price change to you constitutes an acceptance of such
new price.


10. Automatic subscription renewal


Your subscription to the Spotify Paid for Service will automatically renew
at the end of each subscription term unless you terminate your subscription
prior to the end of such subscription term in accordance with Section 16
(Term and termination), or, in the case of the Mobile Service, your access
to the Mobile Service is revoked by Spotify in accordance with the Mobile
Terms. Such renewal will always be for a monthly subscription term, even if
the previous subscription term was for a longer period. If you would like
to renew for a longer term, then please log into your account on theSpotify
Websites. At the time of renewal the payment method you have designated to
be charged for the purchase of the Spotify Paid for Service will
automatically be charged our then current fees for the applicable
subscription.


11. Spotify Social


The Spotify Software Application has features that allow you to make your
profile publicly available, share links to tracks and playlists with other
users of the Spotify Service, integrate your activities on the Spotify
Service with functionality offered by third party social networking
services, including Facebook and Twitter, including to connect your Spotify
account to your Facebook account (“Spotify Social”). If you choose to
activate Spotify Social, including choosing to connect to a Facebook
account, your Spotify profile, including your Facebook user name and
Facebook profile photo, will become publicly viewable to other users of the
Spotify Service in the Spotify Software Application. If you connect your
Spotify account to a Facebook account, in the preferences pane you can
choose whether or not to automatically share your listening activities to
Facebook, including whether or not to publish your playlists when created,
to other Spotify Social users or to Facebook if you have activated sharing
to Facebook. You agree that Spotify is not responsible for content once it
is shared to Facebook. If you use Spotify Social, you must respect other
users of the Spotify Service in your interactions with them. Spotify
reserves the right, in its absolute discretion, to disable your account if
it believes that you are violating this principle. Unacceptable behavior
will result in your account being terminated and you being blocked from
accessing the Spotify Service. Examples of unacceptable behavior include,
but are not limited to:


   1. giving playlists offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic or
      obscene titles;
   2. harassing or bullying other users;
   3. spamming other users through the inbox, or using automated means to
      artificially promote content; and
   4. using a photo on your profile that infringes the copyright of a third
      party, or is offensive, abusive, defamatory, pornographic or obscene.


12. Third Party Applications and Third Party Applications Content


The partner section of the Spotify Software Application links to software
applications which are owned and operated by third parties (“Third Party
Applications”). Such Third Party Applications and all third party content
available through such applications (“Third Party Applications Content”)
are provided by the relevant third parties only and not by Spotify. Use of
Third Party Applications and Third Party Applications Content are subject
to the terms of use of such Third Party Applications. Your use of the Third
Party Application and Third Party Application Content is subject to Section
17 (No warranty) and Section 18 (Limitation of liability).


13. Restrictions of use


For the avoidance of doubt, you agree that you may not (without
limitation):


   1. copy, reproduce, “rip”, record, make available to the public or
      otherwise use any part of the Spotify Software Application or the
      Spotify Service or its content (including but not limited to tracks,
      images and text) in a manner not expressly permitted under this
      Agreement;
   2. sell or attempt to sell any invite to access the Spotify Service, or
      resell any code used to access the Spotify Paid for Service;
   3. provide your password to any other person or use any other person's
      user name and password;
   4. reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative
      works based on the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service
      or any part thereof;
   5. circumvent any technology used by Spotify, its licensors, or any third
      party to protect content accessible through the Spotify Software
      Application and Spotify Service;
   6. rent or lease any part of the Spotify Software Application or the
      Spotify Service;
   7. use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service in a way
      that violates the terms of this Agreement;
   8. circumvent any territorial restrictions applied by Spotify;
   9. artificially increase play count or otherwise manipulate the Spotify
      Software Application or the Spotify Service by using a script or other
      automated process;
  10. import any local files which you have not legally acquired into the
      Spotify Service; and
  11. copy any local files which you have not legally acquired onto your
      mobile handset or other device using the Mobile Client.


In addition to the above, you agree to take all reasonable care to prevent
unauthorized use of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify
Service and its content. You also acknowledge and agree that Spotify may
remove or reclaim your username at any time if Spotify in its absolute
discretion considers such action appropriate.


14. Advertising and use of computational resources


As consideration for your rights under this Agreement, you agree that (i)
Spotify and its business partners have a right to provide promotional
offers, advertising and other information to you by email or other means of
communication, and that (ii) Spotify has a right to allow the Spotify
Software Application and the Spotify Service to utilize the processor,
bandwidth and storage hardware on your computer or other relevant device
for the limited purpose of facilitating the communication and transmission
of content and other data or features to you and other users of the Spotify
Software Application and the Spotify Service, and to facilitate the
operation of the network on which the Spotify Software Application and the
Spotify Service runs. You may opt out of receiving promotional messages
from Spotify and its business partners at any time by changing your account
settings or by hitting the “unsubscribe” link in any of your emails. You
may adjust the level of usage that the Spotify Service makes of your
computer in the settings of the Spotify Software Application.


15. Customer support


If you have any questions concerning the Spotify Software Application, the
Spotify Service or this Agreement, please contact Spotify customer service
by visiting the help section.


16. Term and termination


This Agreement will become effective in relation to you when you create a
Spotify account or when you start using the Spotify Software Application or
the Spotify Service and will remain effective until terminated by you or
Spotify. You may cancel your subscription of the Spotify Paid for Service
at any time by visiting your subscription page which termination shall have
effect at the expiry of the then-current subscription period that you have
already paid for (e.g. one month, one quarter or a year). Spotify will not
refund any remaining portion of subscription fees you have already paid
for. Spotify reserves the right to terminate this Agreement or suspend your
Spotify account at any time in case of unauthorized, or suspected
unauthorized use of the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service
whether in contravention of this Agreement or otherwise. If Spotify
terminates this Agreement, or suspends your Spotify account for any of the
reasons set out in this section, Spotify shall have no liability or
responsibility to you, and Spotify will not refund any amounts that you
have previously paid.


17. NO WARRANTY


THE USE OF THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE APPLICATION AND THE SPOTIFY SERVICE
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ITS CONTENT) IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SPOTIFY
SOFTWARE APPLICATION AND THE SPOTIFY SERVICE IS PROVIDED AND LICENSED ON AN
“AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT POSSIBLE UNDER
APPLICABLE LAW, SPOTIFY DISCLAIMS AND GIVES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE QUALITY,
CONTENT AND AVAILABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC PURPOSE OF THE SPOTIFY
SOFTWARE APPLICATION OR THE SPOTIFY SERVICE OR WARRANTY OF TITLE OR NON-
INFRINGEMENT.In addition, Spotify does not warrant, endorse, guarantee or
assume responsibility for any Third Party Application, Third Party
Application Content or any other product or service advertised or offered
by a third party on or through the Spotify Service or any hyperlinked
website, or featured in any banner or other advertising. Consequently
Spotify will in no way be responsible for any transaction between you and
third-party providers of Third Party Applications or products or services
advertised on or through the Spotify Service. As with any purchase of a
product or service through any medium or in any environment, you should use
your judgment and exercise caution where appropriate. No advice or
information whether oral or in writing obtained by you from Spotify shall
create any warranty on behalf of Spotify in this regard.


18. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL
SPOTIFY, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION, CORRUPTION OF FILES, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF
DATA, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER FAILURE OR PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT
OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SPOTIFY SOFTWARE APPLICATION OR THE
SPOTIFY SERVICE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ITS CONTENT), THE THIRD PARTY
APPLICATIONS OR THE THIRD PARTY APPLICATION CONTENT EVEN IF YOU HAVE
ADVISED SPOTIFY ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS, AND INCLUDING ANY
DAMAGES RESULTING THEREFROM.


Your only right with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the
Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service, the Third Party
Applications or the Third Party Application Content is to uninstall the
Spotify Software Application and to stop using the Spotify Service, the
Third Party Applications or the Third Party Application Content. In no
event will Spotify’s total liability to you in connection with this
Agreement exceed the greater of one dollar (U.S. $1.00) or the total amount
paid by you for the relevant Spotify Services.


Nothing in this Agreement removes or limits Spotify’s liability for
fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by its
negligence.


19. Indemnity


You agree to indemnify and hold Spotify and its officers, directors,
employees and licensors harmless from any claim or demand (including but
not limited to reasonable legal fees) made by a third party due to or
arising out of or related to your violation of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement or your violation of any laws, regulations or third party
rights.


20. Intellectual property


Spotify respects intellectual property rights, and expects you to do the
same. The Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service and the content
provided through the Spotify Service is the property of Spotify or
Spotify's licensors and protected by intellectual property rights
(including but not limited to copyright), and you do not have a right to
use the Spotify Software Application or the Spotify Service (including but
not limited to its content) in any manner not covered by the Agreement.
Furthermore, you must not infringe any third party’s intellectual property
rights in using the Spotify Service or the Spotify Software Application,
which means that (for example) you may not import or copy any music which
you have not legally acquired and have the right to so import or copy into
the Spotify Software Application or the Mobile Client. Further, you may not
remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property
notices contained on or provided through the Spotify Software Application
or the Spotify Service.


21. Copyright infringement and take down


If you are a copyright holder who believes that any of the products,
services or content which are directly available via the Spotify Software
Application or the Spotify Websites are infringing copies of your work,
please let us know. Pursuant to The Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17
United States Code 512(c)(3), a notice of alleged copyright infringement
should be sent to Spotify's designated copyright agent at the following
address:


Spotify USA Inc.
Attn: Legal Department, Copyright Agent
76 9th Avenue, Suite 1110, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10011, USA
legal@spotify.com


A notification of claimed copyright infringement must be addressed to
Spotify's copyright agent listed above and include the following:


   1. A physical or electronic signature of the owner (or person authorized
      to act on behalf of the owner) of the copyright that is allegedly
      infringed;
   2. Specific identification of each copyrighted work claimed to have been
      infringed;
   3. A description of where the material believed to be infringed is
      located on Spotify Service or the Spotify Websites (please be as
      detailed as possible and provide a URL to help us locate the material
      you are reporting);
   4. Contact information for the complaining party, such as a complete
      name, address, telephone number, and email address;
   5. A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that
      use of the work(s) in the manner complained of is not authorized by
      the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
   6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and
      under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to
      act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
      infringed.


22. Technology limitations and modifications


Spotify will make reasonable efforts to keep the Spotify Software
Application and the Spotify Service operational. However, certain technical
difficulties or maintenance may, from time to time, result in temporary
interruptions. Spotify reserves the right at any time and from time to time
to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, functions and
features of the Spotify Software Application and the Spotify Service with
or without notice.


23. Privacy


You agree that Spotify has a right to collect and process your personal
information in accordance with the Spotify Privacy Policy.


24. Assignment by Spotify


Spotify may assign this Agreement or any part of it without restrictions.
You may not assign this Agreement or any part of it to any third party.


25. Entire agreement


This Agreement together with the Spotify Privacy Policy, the Mobile
Terms(if applicable), thePremium Code Terms and Conditions (if applicable)
and the Unlimited Code Terms and Conditions(if applicable) (the
“Agreements”) constitutes all the terms and conditions agreed upon between
you and Spotify and supersede any prior agreements in relation to the
subject matter of these Agreements, whether written or oral. Any additional
or different terms or conditions in relation to the subject matter of these
Agreements in any written or oral communication from you to Spotify are
void. You agree and accept that you have not accepted the terms and
conditions of this Agreement in reliance of or to any oral or written
representations made by Spotify not contained in this Agreement.


26. Severability


Should for any reason or to any extent any provision of this Agreement be
held invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or enforceability shall not
in any manner affect or render invalid or unenforceable the remaining
provisions of this Agreement and the application of that provision shall be
enforced to the extent permitted by law.


27. Mandatory arbitration; exceptions to mandatory arbitration, waiver of
class action rights; limitations period; venue and choice of law


i. You and Spotify agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out
of or relating in any way to the Spotify Service and Spotify Software
Application or your use thereof, including our Agreement, shall be
determined by mandatory binding arbitration. You agree that the U.S.
Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this
provision, and that you and Spotify are each waiving the right to a trial
by jury and the right to participate in a class or multi-party action. This
arbitration provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and the
termination of your Spotify subscription. The arbitration will be governed
by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for
Consumer Related Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA
Rules"), as modified by this Agreement, and as administered by the AAA.


ii. You and Spotify agree that (a) any claims seeking to enforce, protect,
or determine the validity or ownership of any intellectual property rights,
and (b) any claims related to allegations of theft, piracy or unauthorized
use of the Spotify Service or Spotify Software Application are NOT subject
to mandatory arbitration. Instead, you and Spotify agree that the preceding
claims (including but not limited to claims for injunctive or equitable
relief) shall be exclusively decided by Courts of competent jurisdiction in
New York, New York, and that applicable New York and/or Federal law shall
govern, without regarding to choice of law principals.


iii. YOU AND SPOTIFY AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER
ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A CLASS MEMBER OR IN
ANY REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY OR PROCEEDING. Further, the arbitrator shall
not consolidate any other person's claims with your claims, and may not
otherwise preside over any form of a multi-party or class proceeding. If
this specific provision is found to be unenforceable in any way, then the
entirety of this arbitration section shall be null and void. The arbitrator
may not award declaratory or injunctive relief.


iv. Any arbitration must be commenced by filing a demand for arbitration
with the AAA within ONE (1) YEAR after the date the party asserting the
claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission or default
giving rise to the claim; and there shall be no right to any remedy for any
claim not asserted within that time period. If applicable law prohibits a
one-year limitations period for asserting claims, any claim must be
asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. Your
arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation will be limited
to those fees set forth in the AAA's Consumer Rules with the remainder paid
by Spotify. Any arbitration costs or fees deemed "excessive" will be paid
by Spotify.


v. You and Spotify agree that this Agreement involves interstate commerce
and is subject to the Federal Arbitration Act. You and Spotify further
agree that applicable laws of the State of New York shall exclusively
govern any dispute without regard to choice or conflicts of law rules. The
sole and exclusive venue for the resolution of any dispute, whether or not
subject to mandatory arbitration as described above, shall lie in New York,
New York.


28. English version prevails


In the event that this Agreement is translated into other languages and
there is a discrepancy between the two language versions, the English
language version shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy is the
result of an error in translation. Copyright © 2008-2011 Spotify USA Inc.
and its affiliates. All rights reserved.


Spotify USA Inc., 76 9th Avenue
Suite 1110, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10011
USA






Spotify Privacy Policy


Effective as from 11 April 2012.


Spotify USA Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Spotify”, “we” or “us”) wishes
to bring you the best music service available. To be able to do this, and
to offer you products and services described on the Spotify websites
at http://www.spotify.com/ and other Spotify branded URLs (the “Spotify
Websites”). Spotify will request some information from you and
automatically collect information about your use of the Spotify Software
Application, the Spotify Service (both as defined in the Spotify Terms and
Conditions of Use). Further, Spotify will request information from third
party services if such services are activated via Spotify. This policy (the
“Spotify Privacy Policy”) describes our online privacy practices and what
personal information we may collect from you and what we will and will not
do with that information.


1. How we collect and use personal information


When you sign up for a Spotify account or purchase Spotify’s products and
services described on theSpotify Websites, we may ask you for and collect
certain information such as email address, postal address, age, gender
residence and the URL of the website from which you are signing up. When
creating a Spotify account, or connecting your already existing Spotify
account with your Facebook account, we will also receive and store the
following information from Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) your name, user
name, password, profile picture, unique Facebook identifier and access
token, gender, birthday and email address. In addition, when you use the
Spotify Software Application, Spotify Service and Spotify Websites, we will
automatically receive information about your use of the application,
service and website including information such as media that you access,
queries you make, the URL of the website from which you use or access the
Spotify Service, date and time of your request, your Internet protocol
address, performance of your network and computer, your browser type,
language and identifying information, your operating system and application
version.


We will use your personal information (i) to provide the products and
services that you have purchased or requested (including Spotify Social, as
defined in the Spotify Terms and Conditions of Use, and the display of
customized content and advertising), (ii) to communicate with you
concerning your account, customer service issues and Spotify products and
services, (iii) to personalize and improve the Spotify Software
Application, the Spotify Service and the Spotify Websites, (iv) to ensure
the technical functioning of our products and services, (v) to develop new
products and services, (vi) to protect the copyright-protected content of
the Spotify Service (e.g. by limiting access to the Spotify Service content
to users with a Spotify account), and (vii) as otherwise stated in this
Spotify Privacy Policy.


If you connect your Spotify account to Facebook, we will make available
and/or share your Facebook user name and your Facebook profile picture to
other Spotify users. Further, Spotify users may be able to use the Spotify
Service to search for or view your Spotify profile and the information
contained therein, such as Playlists, as defined below (for example, if
they know and input your user name in the Spotify Software Application or
Spotify Service). Please familiarize yourself with and use the settings in
the preferences pane as they provide you with some options to adjust the
information in your Spotify profile that may be viewed and your activities
that may be shared.


If you choose to activate Spotify Social or otherwise publish your
playlists, starred music top lists, and current playing song (hereafter
jointly “Playlists”), your Playlist information will be publicly available
to other Spotify users (for example, on your Spotify profile page or social
activity stream) and may be used, or re-shared by other Spotify users.
Spotify is not responsible for the use or re-sharing of Playlist
information by others once it is made public. If you do not wish for such
use or re-sharing of this type of data taking place going forward, you
should not activate Spotify Social and/or adjust your settings and
listening mode.


2. Sharing information with others


Unless you give us your explicit approval and except as outlined in Section
1 above and except with respect to, Spotify affiliates (being other
companies controlled by or under common control with us), we will only
share your personal information for the purposes set forth under Section 1
(i) to (vii) above or as is necessary to:


   1. Enforce the terms and conditions of the Spotify Terms and Conditions
      of Use, the Mobile Terms (as defined in the Spotify Terms and
      Conditions of Use), the Premium Code Terms andthe Unlimited Code
      Terms.
   2. Comply with laws, regulations and any applicable court orders or to
      respond to requests from governmental or administrative bodies or to
      comply with litigation matters or other legal process.
   3. Allow for a change of ownership of Spotify (including but not limited
      to an acquisition by or merger with another company) and related
      transfer of all personal information to the new owner in which case
      any information remains protected in accordance with this Spotify
      Privacy Policy.
   4. Allow advertising audits and analysis measuring the size and
      composition of the group of users that have listened to and/or viewed
      an advertisement or other promotional information.
   5. Allow us to use a third party to perform surveys measuring your
      experiences and use of our services (not permitting the third party to
      use your personal information for any other purpose).
   6. Allow us to share aggregated statistics about use of the Spotify
      Software Application and the Spotify Service with parties with whom we
      do business.


If you have connected your Spotify account to Facebook, we will share with
Facebook information related to your use of the Spotify Service, such as
the music you listen to or Playlists, and such information may be published
on Facebook’s websites or services. .You can choose to disable automatic
publishing on Facebook of what you are listening to in the preferences
pane. Information shared to Facebook will be attributed to the Facebook
account to which your Spotify account is connected. Facebook’s use of such
information and any information it collects from your use of or on its
service is governed by Facebook’s privacy policy and Spotify’s use of
information is governed by this Spotify Privacy Policy. You understand and
agree that you need to consult both privacy policies to amend or delete
personal information which has been provided to Facebook.If you do not wish
for such use of data to take place, you should not agree to share
information about the music you play to Facebook and/or adjust your
settings to deactivate such sharing. Information no longer shared on
Facebook may continue to be publicly available to other Spotify users (for
example, using other Spotify social features) or via the Spotify Service as
otherwise described in this Spotify Privacy Policy.


Providers of Third Party Applications (as defined in the Spotify Terms and
Conditions of Use) may require you to provide your personal information to
access their Third Party Applications. In such cases, you will be informed
about this either during the registration process, in the terms of use or
privacy policy of the Third Party Application, by requiring you to login or
register, or in a similar manner. Further, if you visit or register for a
Third Party Application, information as to your Spotify user id, currently
playing song, play history, play queue, library, playlists, country of
registration and type of subscription (e.g. Free Service, Unlimited Service
or Premium Service) may be transferred to, used and stored by the provider
of the Third Party Application. Spotify may also collect and share
information as to your physical location, with a provider of a Third Party
Application, however, we will not use that information to determine your
precise location, without your prior consent. The Third Party Application
provider’s use of your personal information is governed by that third
party’s privacy policy, and Spotify’s use is governed by this Spotify
Privacy Policy. Please note that if you choose to remove a Third Party
Application from your Spotify account, this does not necessarily mean that
the relevant third party provider will delete personal information that
they have received. Please visit the privacy policy of the relevant third
party to make sure that you understand how they use the personal
information you provide to them. If you do not wish for such use of your
personal data taking place, you should not register for or use the
applicable Third Party Application.


In some further cases, access to certain other third party products and
services which are offered or advertised through the Spotify Software
Application or the Spotify Website may also require you to provide your
personal information to third parties, such as our business partners. In
such cases, this will be stated during the registration process, in the
terms of use or privacy policy, by requiring you to login or register, or
in a similar manner. The third party’s use of such information is governed
by that party’s privacy policy, and Spotify’s use is governed by this
Spotify Privacy Policy. Please visit the privacy policy of our business
partners’ to make sure that you understand how they use the personal
information you provide to them. If you do not wish for such use of your
personal data taking place, you should not register for the applicable
product or service.


3. Transfer of personal information to other countries


Spotify processes personal information on servers in a number of countries.
We may therefore transfer and process your personal information on a server
outside the United States. However, we will use our best efforts to do so
in accordance with this Spotify Privacy Policy and applicable law. By
approving the Spotify Privacy Policy, you consent to such transfer of your
personal information.


4. Security


We take a number of steps to keep your personal information secure from
unauthorized access. For example, we ask you to use a unique and strong
password and not to share this information with anyone. In addition, we use
encrypted transmissions to limit access to the systems that store your
personal information. Further, we respect and comply with applicable laws
and regulations on data protection. You are responsible for maintaining the
security of your user access name and related password. While we try our
best to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, please be
aware that no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public
network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.


5. Children´s personal information


The Spotify Service and Spotify Websites are not directed to children under
the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age you should
not use the Spotify Service, the Spotify Websites, the Third Party
Applications or the Third Party Applications Content and under no
circumstances should you provide personal information to us. If we discover
that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information,
we will immediately delete that child´s information from the Spotify
Service.


6. Access to personal information and corrections


You can access and update some of the personal information we keep on you
through the Spotify Service or by sending a request
to accounts@spotify.com. We will respond to your request upon verification
of your identity within a reasonable period of time, and to the maximum
extent practical.


7. Links


We may display links to third party websites. Please note that we cannot
control and cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies of such
websites. You should always read the privacy policy of a website to find
out more about how personal information is collected and processed.


8. Cookies


We may also store information about you using cookies (files which are sent
by us to your computer or other access device) that we can access when you
visit the Spotify Websites in future. We do this to help improve the user
experience of the website. If you want to delete any cookies that are
already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file
management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you
may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.


9. Changes to this Spotify Privacy Policy and notices


Spotify reserves the right to make changes to this Spotify Privacy Policy
in its sole discretion. If we make any changes to this policy we will
notify you by posting the new version of the policy on the Spotify
Websites. It is your own responsibility to check the website for such
postings from time to time. You may also be asked to reacknowledge and
reaccept this Privacy Policy following any material changes.


Please note that by accepting the Spotify Terms and Conditions of
Use, Mobile Terms, the Premium Code Terms and the Unlimited Code Terms, or
by using the Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service or the
Spotify Websites, you consent to the collection and processing of your
personal information as described in this Spotify Privacy Policy, as well
as the other terms of this Policy. As mentioned above, we will notify you
if we make any changes to this Spotify Privacy Policy by posting the new
version of the policy on the Spotify Websites. Your continued use of the
Spotify Software Application, the Spotify Service or the Spotify Websites
following the posting or other notice of changes to this Spotify Privacy
Policy will constitute an acceptance of such changes. If you have any
concerns, questions or thoughts on how we can improve our privacy policy,
please let us know by sending an email to legal-feedback@spotify.com.


10. English version prevails


In the event that this Spotify Privacy Policy is translated into other
languages and there is a discrepancy between the two language versions, the
English language version shall prevail to the extent that such discrepancy
is the result of an error in translation.


11. Ownership changes


In the event that Spotify or its affiliates, or its or their respective
business or this website becomes owned or controlled by other individuals
or entities, the information we have collected about you through this
website or otherwise may be transferred to such other individuals or
entities. In such an event, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to
the information gathered online about you through this site until you are
notified otherwise or a change is made to this Policy and posted or
notified as provided above.


Copyright © 2008-2011 Spotify or its affiliates. All rights reserved.


Spotify USA Inc., 76 9th Avenue
Suite 1110, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10011
USA

