
This agreement is between [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] and [CLIENT/COMPANY], the
Client.


Client is retaining [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] as a provider of website management
services. Client agrees to the charge of $50 per month in exchange for
Services Included in This Agreement. Services not considered “standard
website management” are subject to be charged at a regular hourly rate of
$[90]; such services are not included in this contract.


Services Included in This Agreement


   1. Edit, revise, update or create new text content.
   2. Create minor graphic elements
   3. Consultation on use of website’s Content Management System (“CMS”)
      (WordPress).
   4. On-page Search Engine Optimization (“SEO”).
   5. Regular monitoring and updating of CMS, associated assets, and website
      links.
   6. Ensuring compatibility of updates with current website layout.*
   7. Monthly website and database backups.
   8. Monitoring website downtime
   9. Monthly analytics reports
  10. Liaising with the hosting company to sort out the situation as quickly
      as possible.


*Regular software updates contribute to website security. Some website
assets (e.g. WordPress plugins or themes) may become incompatible with
those updates, requiring work not included here to maintain compatibility
if desired/needed. [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will notify the Client in advance of
such updates.


Services Excluded in This Agreement


   1. Graphic / User Interface Design
   2. Website Code Development
   3. Code editing equalling more than 50% change to given document or web
      page.
   4. CMS design or integration including but not limited to blogs, shopping
      carts and web forums.


Total Agreement


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] shall provide Client with Services Included in This
Agreement on a month-to-month basis. The contract will be paid on a Monthly
Basis with payment due upon receipt of invoice sent at the beginning of
each month.


During the duration of this contract, the Client agrees that
[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will be the sole provider of management services for
the web site, and no other party will have access to or rights to change
the web site. If a party other than [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] makes changes to
the web site, any errors that are created must be repaired and will be
charged for at the hourly rate specified above. Minor updates should not
exceed more than 50% of the content on any single site page, THE PERCENTAGE
TO BE DETERMINED BY [COMPANY/DEVELOPER].


Deadlines & Deliverables


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will respond to all management requests from Client
within [48] hours on during normal business days, via email or phone, with
a confirmation that the request was received, and an estimated completion
date for each action item in the request.


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will adhere to quoted deadlines for deliverables in the
management requests at all possible costs. In the event that
[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] has any issues in delivering on a quoted deadline,
Client will be notified via email or telephone with an explanation for any
delays.


Additional Services


Any revisions, additions, or redesign requests not specified in this
document shall be considered “additional” and will require separate
agreement and payment. [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] shall advise Client on any
requested work that falls within these bounds.


Authorization


Client hereby authorizes [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] to access their web hosting
account, providing active user name / password combinations for access to
the server via FTP, assuring that 'write permissions' are in place on said
hosting provider.


Signing this document confirms your agreement to the terms of this
“Standard Agreement for Website Management — Client Properties”.

