

    PROGRAM PARTICIPATION, ISSUANCE OF SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS AGREEMENT 


                                       


 


This Agreement is dated [DATE]

Between

(1) Arion Bank hf., Id. Number 581008-0150, Borgartúni 19, 105 Reykjavík,
Iceland („AB“),

(2) [FOUNDER 1]

(3) [FOUNDER 2]

(4) [NAME OF COMPANY], a limited liability company incorporated under the
laws of Iceland (“the
Startup").

The parties (1) - (4) are hereinafter also individually and collectively
referred to as “Shareholder” or as "Shareholders". The parties (2) and (3)
are jointly referred to as “the Founders". The parties mentioned under (1)
- (4) are hereinafter also individually and collectively referred to as
“Party” or as "Parties".

Whereas:

a. AB is organizing a Start-up Accelerator Program taking place in June -
August [2012] in Reykjavík, branded as Startup Reykjavik, described on
www.startupreykjavik.com (“the Program") for startup companies. The Program
involves, that the Founders will receive from AB 2,000,000 ISK, as
described in this Agreement, as well as housing, internet, and connections
with network and mentors for 10 weeks, in order to accelerate their idea,
in turn for a 6% stake of the Startup. The Program ends on a Demo day where
the Founders pitch their idea, for potential future investors and partners.
The Founders will incorporate a startup company (the Startup), with a
registered purpose in connection with the idea.

b. The startup companies (including the Startup) have already been
incorporated by the Founders as a limited liability company incorporated
under the laws of Iceland;

c. The Startup is active in [DESCRIPTION OF THE STARTUP’S OPERATIONS]

d. The Founders currently hold all the shares in the Startup;

e. During April-May [2012], the Startup successfully participated in the
selection process to qualify for participation in the Program and AB has
invited the Startup to actually participate in the Program;

f. The Founders and the Startup have accepted such invitation and shall
participate in the Program;

g. The Parties now therefore desire to lay down their understanding in
writing in this agreement (“the Agreement") stipulating the terms and
conditions of i) the right of the Startup to participate in the Program,
ii) the issuance of the shares and iii) the Parties' possession of the
shares and all other shares in the Startup that might be issued at a later
date. 


 


1. PARTICIPATION IN THE PROGRAM AND ISSUANCE OF THE SHARES 



1.1. AB hereby grants the Startup the right to participate in the Program
and the Startup accepts the right to participate in the Program.

1.2. The Founders and the Startup shall issue as many shares to AB as
necessary, in order for AB to hold 6% of all the shares in the share
capital of the Startup (the "Shares"). AB hereby agrees to accept these
Shares. The Shares shall enjoy the same rights as shares directly or
indirectly owned by the Founders.

1.3. The Founders and the Startup are obliged to undertake all actions
required to affect the issuance of the Shares to AB immediately after the
signing of this Agreement, including but not limited to:



    • 1.3.1. the execution of the deed of issuance of shares;
    • 1.3.2. the waiving of the Founders of their pre-emption right in a
      separate shareholders resolution;
    • 1.3.3. the issuance of a share certificate for the Shares to AB;
    • 1.3.4. providing AB with an updated register of all the Startup's
      shareholders.



1.4. AB shall have the discretionary right to require the Startup to leave
the Program at any time. The Startup shall be present on Demo Day on [DEMO
DAY DATE] ("Demo Day") but AB has a discretionary right to deny the Startup
to be present if AB takes the discretionary view that the Startup cannot
deliver the quality required. In any case, AB will still hold its Shares in
the Startup.

2. PAYING UP OF THE SHARES

2.1. AB will pay up the issued Shares, according to Art. 1.2, by paying ISK
2,000,000 (the "Pay up Price"), into the bank account of the Startup under
the following conditions:

2.1.1. 50 % of the Pay up Price (i.e. ISK 1,000,000) shall be paid upon
completion of the following conditions:


    • completion by the Startup of the first week of the Program; and
    • after the issuance of the Shares to AB has been effected, according to
      Art. 1.2 and 1.3.


2.1.2. The remaining 50 % of the Pay up Price (i.e. ISK 1,000,000) shall be
paid upon completion by the Startup of the first six weeks of the Program.

3. ADDITIONAL INVESTOR AND ANTI-DILUTION

3.1. The Shareholders in the share capital of the Startup may admit an
additional investor ("Additional Investor"), to invest cash into the
Startup in exchange for shares. As and from the applicable date of
admission any such Additional Investor shall be deemed to be party to this
Agreement. The Founders shall procure that on the date of admission each
Additional Investor shall execute a deed of adherence to this Agreement in
a form acceptable to all Shareholders and thereafter this Agreement and
such deed of adherence shall constitute one agreement.

3.2. In case any future capital contributions will be made by Additional
Investors in the Startup with an aggregate worth more than ISK 40,000,000
within 12 months after the Demo Day ("Qualified Injection"), AB shall have
the same rights as the Founders. This includes that the Shares shall be
diluted in the same proportion as those shares belonging to the Founders.

3.3. In case any future capital contributions will be made by Additional
Investors in the Startup with an aggregate worth less than ISK 40,000,000
within 12 months after the Demo Day, the Founders shall transfer as many of
their shares in the Startup for no consideration to AB, in order for AB to
maintain its 6% shareholding.

3.4. In order to avoid confusion it shall be emphasized that only
injections of cash into the Startup against the Startup issuing new shares
are taken into consideration when determining whether funding is considered
to be a Qualified Injection or not. Loans of any kind, such as but not
limited to 2 Startup Reykjavik participation, issuance of shares and
shareholders agreement. Convertible loans or loans with an equity risk, are
not taken into consideration and will therefore not dilute AB. 


3.5. Under no circumstances has AB an obligation to make any additional
investments by (including but not limited to) injecting cash into the
Startup.

4. TRANSFER OF SHARES TO THIRD PARTIES

Tag along
4.1. In case of any sale of shares in the Startup to third parties, the
selling Parties are obliged to demand of the acquiring third parties that
AB will also have a right (but not an obligation) to sell its shares to
these third parties on the same proportional conditions as the selling
Parties.

Drag along
4.2. In the case of a collective exit to an independent third party
(meaning a sale of 100% of the shares in the Startup or a sale of 100% of
the assets in the Startup), all Parties are obliged to sell their shares to
said independent third party. The sale of shares shall be on the same
proportional conditions for each Party as all other Parties. This drag
along obligation only applies in case of a sale at market value and at a
price higher than ISK 100,000,000 (the "Minimum Exit Value") in case of a
sale of the shares, and at price higher than the aggregate of the Minimum
Exit Value and the debt in the Startup in the case of a sale of the assets
in the Startup.


5. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

5.1. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that each of the
representations and warranties below is true and accurate on the date of
this Agreement. Furthermore, the Founders represent and warrant that they
have given all such information and documentation to AB that is reasonably
deemed relevant for the contents of this Agreement.

General
5.1.1. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the Startup
has been duly incorporated and validly exists under the laws of Iceland and
that the Founders have the necessary corporate capacity and power to enter
into the Agreement and to perform its obligations under the Agreement, the
terms of which shall be valid and binding.

5.1.2. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that all
corporate and other action required to be taken by the Founders to
authorise the execution of this Agreement and the performance of its
obligations under the Agreement have been duly taken or will have been duly
taken by completion of the issuance of the shares of the Startup to AB.

Financial statements
5.1.3. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the
financial statements of the
Startup, attached as Schedule 5.1.3:



    • a. have been prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted
      Accounting Principles ('GAAP').
    • b. show a true and fair view of the financial position, assets,
      liabilities and results of the Startup for the financial year ending
      on the [FINANCIAL YEAR END DATE];
    • c. have been duly filed or an exemption from filing has been obtained
      in accordance with applicable law.



Litigation
5.1.4. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the Startup
(and/or its affiliates) is not engaged in any litigation, arbitration or
other legal proceedings and there are no written claims threatened against
the Startup (and/or or its affiliates).



Tax
5.1.5. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that any and all
tax for which the Startup has been assessed or that has or shall become due
has either been paid in full or been fully provided for in the Startup's
financial Statements.

5.1.6. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the Startup
has properly filed all returns required to be filed pursuant to any
relevant law.

5.1.7. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the Startup
is not subject to any disagreement or dispute with any tax authority
regarding the tax position of the Startup.

5.1.8. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the Startup
is not part of any fiscal unity for corporate income tax or value added tax
purposes.

Shares
5.1.9. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that all the
issued shares in the share capital of the Startup have been paid up in
full.


5.1.10. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that there are
no holders of depository receipts that have been, or will be, issued. The
Founders have not, and shall not, pledge or render a right of usufruct with
regard to, any of the shares in the share capital of the Startup.

5.1.11. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that they will
refrain from any transfer or issuance of any shares in the capital of the
Startup to any third party and from the assumption of any obligation to
such transfer or issue, and from any cooperation to such transfer of issue.


5.1.12. The Founders and the Startup represent and warrant that the Shares
issued to AB rank equally in all respects holding the same rights as the
existing shares.

6. INFORMATION RIGHTS AND D&O INSURANCE

6.1. The Startup shall no later than on the 10th business day of each
quarter send AB a short general update of the business and financial
affairs of the Startup and other information that AB may from time to time
reasonably require by e-mail. The quarterly e-mail shall be sent without AB
having to request it.

6.2. AB shall be entitled to appoint a supervisory board that shall have
the right to attend all meetings of the board of directors of the Startup.
The Startup shall send to AB:



    • 6.2.1. a notice of each meeting of the board of directors with a
      reasonable advance. Such notice shall be accompanied by a written
      agenda specifying the business to be discussed at the meeting along
      with all relevant papers; and
    • 6.2.2. as soon practicable after said meeting, a copy of the minutes
      from said meeting shall be delivered by email.


6.3. AB shall be entitled to annually audit the Startup. From this respect
the Startup will send to AB any information deemed necessary by AB for the
audit upon first written request.

6.4. The Founders are obliged to inform AB of any events or risks that can
have a material impact on the Startup or the Founders ability to develop
the Startup and its business.

6.5. Upon request of AB the Founders and the Startup shall to take such
actions as necessary in order for the statutory directors of the Startup to
take out directors' and officers' liability insurance.

7. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND WORKS

Definitions
7.1. "Intellectual Property Rights" shall be defined as patents, rights to
inventions, copyright and related rights, trademarks, trade names and
domain names, rights in goodwill, rights in designs, rights in computer
software, database rights, rights in confidential information (including
know-how and trade secrets) whether registered or unregistered and
including all applications (and rights to apply for such rights as
mentioned under this paragraph), and renewals or extensions of, such rights
and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist
or will subsist, now or in the future, in any part of the world that can in
any way be related to what is described in the application to the Program
and what is developed during the Program and what is in the future
developed by the Startup and/or by third parties working for the Startup. 


7.2. "Works" shall be defined as the documents, products, processes,
materials, designs, brands and images created prior to the date of signing
of this Agreement by the Founders relating to what is described in the
application to the Program and what is developed during the Program and
what is in the future developed by the Startup.

Assignment/transfer of Intellectual Property Rights and Works
7.3. The Founders hereby guarantee to have transferred to the Startup the
Intellectual Property Rights and the Works, including but not limited to
the Intellectual Property Rights and Works listed in Schedule 7.3, to the
Startup and the Startup hereby confirms to have received such Intellectual
Property Rights and the Works.

7.4. The Founders unconditionally and irrevocably waive all rights which
they may have in connection with the Intellectual Property and the Works.

7.5. The Founders agree that they eventually may make, discover or create
Intellectual Property Rights in the course of or in connection with the
Startup and agree that in this respect the Founders have an obligation to
immediately transfer these Intellectual Property Rights to the Startup, on
their own initiative and/or on request of AB.

Transfer restrictions
7.6. The Startup undertakes that, other than in the ordinary course of its
business, it will not assign, transfer, sell, (sub)licence or otherwise
dispose of or encumber any of the Intellectual Property Rights or Works of
the Startup unless with the prior given consent of AB and it is at market
value and the price is higher than the Minimum Exit Value.

7.7. The above paragraph shall not apply to in the event a Qualified
Injection by an Additional Investor has been made and as a result of the
negotiations the Startup is transferring or injecting the Intellectual
Property Rights or Works into a subsidiary, directed and controlled by the
Startup. In that case the Startup undertakes that, other than in the
ordinary course of its business, this subsidiary will not assign, transfer,
sell, (sub)licence or otherwise dispose of or encumber any of the
Intellectual Property Rights or Works at a price below the Minimum Exit
Value. Such a transfer of the Intellectual Property Rights or Works can
only be to independent third parties and at fair market conditions. In this
case the Founders are not entitled to own shares directly in the subsidiary
Startup but only via their ownership in the Startup.

8. CONTRACTS WITH THE FOUNDERS AND RELATED PARTIES

All agreements, including but not limited to employment contracts, between
the Startup and the Founders and/or any related parties shall require the
written prior approval of AB.

9. COMPETITION

9.1. The Founders are not entitled to, in any other way than via the
Startup, to directly or indirectly carry out any activity or have any
interest in any other business that competes with a business model that can
be related to or be considered to be similar to the Intellectual Property,
the Works and/or the Startup's activities.

9.2. The Founders are aware that AB, being the founder of the Program in
which various persons and companies are participating, cannot reasonably
undertake the competition limitation mentioned in clause 9.1.

10. WAIVER

10.1. The Founders and the Startup will from time to time receive advice,
business coaching and similar services from AB and the mentors
participating in the Program. The Shareholders agree that these services
are advisory in nature and, as such, the final decision as to whether to
follow such advice rests with the Startup and/or the Shareholders.
Therefore the Startup and the Shareholders agree to waive any claims they
may have against AB in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise
arising at any time in relation to services provided by AB and/or its
mentors. 


11. AGREEMENT TO PREVAIL

In the event of any inconsistency between any provisions of this Agreement
and the articles of association of the Startup, this Agreement shall
prevail.

12. PARTNERSHIP

This Agreement and any actions taken by any of the Parties pursuant to this
Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute a partnership, unincorporated
association or joint venture between any of the Parties.

13. SEVERANCE

If any provisions of this Agreement shall become illegal, invalid or
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of
the remaining provisions shall not in any way be impaired.



14. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION

14.1. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with
the law of Iceland.

14.2. Each party irrevocably agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of Iceland.

15. SCHEDULES

Schedule 1 – The Founders application to the Program
Schedule 5.1.3 – Financial statements of the Startup
Schedule 7.3 – The Startup's Intellectual Property Rights and Works

16. SIGNATURES



[INVESTOR NAME] on behalf of Arion Bank hf.


[FOUNDER 1]


[FOUNDER 2]


on behalf of [NAME OF COMPANY]



