
SECTION 44-77-50. Form of declaration.

The declaration must be substantially in the following form with the
procedure and requirements for revocation of the declaration appearing
either in boldface print or in all upper case letters, the characters in
either case being of at least the same size as used in the rest of the
declaration:

STATE OF SOUTH CAROLINA DECLARATION

COUNTY OF ________ OF A DESIRE FOR A

NATURAL DEATH

I, __________, Declarant, being at least eighteen years of age and a
resident of and domiciled in the City of __________, County of __________,
State of South Carolina, make this Declaration this ___ day of __________,
19___.

I wilfully and voluntarily make known my desire that no life-sustaining
procedures be used to prolong my dying if my condition is terminal or if I
am in a state of permanent unconsciousness, and I declare:

If at any time I have a condition certified to be a terminal condition by
two physicians who have personally examined me, one of whom is my attending
physician, and the physicians have determined that my death could occur
within a reasonably short period of time without the use of life-sustaining
procedures or if the physicians certify that I am in a state of permanent
unconsciousness and where the application of life-sustaining procedures
would serve only to prolong the dying process, I direct that the procedures
be withheld or withdrawn, and that I be permitted to die naturally with
only the administration of medication or the performance of any medical
procedure necessary to provide me with comfort care.

INSTRUCTIONS CONCERNING ARTIFICIAL NUTRITION AND HYDRATION

INITIAL ONE OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS

If my condition is terminal and could result in death within a reasonably
short time,

__________ I direct that nutrition and hydration BE PROVIDED through any
medically indicated means, including medically or surgically implanted
tubes.

__________ I direct that nutrition and hydration NOT BE PROVIDED through
any medically indicated means, including medically or surgically implanted
tubes.

INITIAL ONE OF THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS

If I am in a persistent vegetative state or other condition of permanent
unconsciousness,

__________ I direct that nutrition and hydration BE PROVIDED through any
medically indicated means, including medically or surgically implanted
tubes.

__________ I direct that nutrition and hydration NOT BE PROVIDED through
any medically indicated means, including medically or surgically implanted
tubes.

In the absence of my ability to give directions regarding the use of life-
sustaining procedures, it is my intention that this Declaration be honored
by my family and physicians and any health facility in which I may be a
patient as the final expression of my legal right to refuse medical or
surgical treatment, and I accept the consequences from the refusal.

I am aware that this Declaration authorizes a physician to withhold or
withdraw life-sustaining procedures. I am emotionally and mentally
competent to make this Declaration.

APPOINTMENT OF AN AGENT (OPTIONAL)

1. You may give another person authority to revoke this declaration on your
behalf. If you wish to do so, please enter that person's name in the space
below.

Name of Agent with Power to Revoke:___

Address:___

Telephone Number:___

2. You may give another person authority to enforce this declaration on
your behalf. If you wish to do so, please enter that person's name in the
space below.

Name of Agent with Power to Enforce:___

Address:___

Telephone Number:___

REVOCATION PROCEDURES

THIS DECLARATION MAY BE REVOKED BY ANY ONE OF THE FOLLOWING METHODS.
HOWEVER, A REVOCATION IS NOT EFFECTIVE UNTIL IT IS COMMUNICATED TO THE
ATTENDING PHYSICIAN.

(1) BY BEING DEFACED, TORN, OBLITERATED, OR OTHERWISE DESTROYED, IN
EXPRESSION OF YOUR INTENT TO REVOKE, BY YOU OR BY SOME PERSON IN YOUR
PRESENCE AND BY YOUR DIRECTION. REVOCATION BY DESTRUCTION OF ONE OR MORE OF
MULTIPLE ORIGINAL DECLARATIONS REVOKES ALL OF THE ORIGINAL DECLARATIONS;

(2) BY A WRITTEN REVOCATION SIGNED AND DATED BY YOU EXPRESSING YOUR INTENT
TO REVOKE;

(3) BY YOUR ORAL EXPRESSION OF YOUR INTENT TO REVOKE THE DECLARATION. AN
ORAL REVOCATION COMMUNICATED TO THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN BY A PERSON OTHER
THAN YOU IS EFFECTIVE ONLY IF:

(a) THE PERSON WAS PRESENT WHEN THE ORAL REVOCATION WAS MADE;

(b) THE REVOCATION WAS COMMUNICATED TO THE PHYSICIAN WITHIN A REASONABLE
TIME;

(c) YOUR PHYSICAL OR MENTAL CONDITION MAKES IT IMPOSSIBLE FOR THE PHYSICIAN
TO CONFIRM THROUGH SUBSEQUENT CONVERSATION WITH YOU THAT THE REVOCATION HAS
OCCURRED.

TO BE EFFECTIVE AS A REVOCATION, THE ORAL EXPRESSION CLEARLY MUST INDICATE
YOUR DESIRE THAT THE DECLARATION NOT BE GIVEN EFFECT OR THAT LIFE-
SUSTAINING PROCEDURES BE ADMINISTERED;

(4) IF YOU, IN THE SPACE ABOVE, HAVE AUTHORIZED AN AGENT TO REVOKE THE
DECLARATION, THE AGENT MAY REVOKE ORALLY OR BY A WRITTEN, SIGNED, AND DATED
INSTRUMENT. AN AGENT MAY REVOKE ONLY IF YOU ARE INCOMPETENT TO DO SO. AN
AGENT MAY REVOKE THE DECLARATION PERMANENTLY OR TEMPORARILY.

(5) BY YOUR EXECUTING ANOTHER DECLARATION AT A LATER TIME.

________________________________________

Signature of Declarant

STATE OF ________ AFFIDAVIT

COUNTY OF ________

We, __________ and __________, the undersigned witnesses to the foregoing
Declaration, dated the ___ day of __________, 19___, at least one of us
being first duly sworn, declare to the undersigned authority, on the basis
of our best information and belief, that the Declaration was on that date
signed by the declarant as and for his DECLARATION OF A DESIRE FOR A
NATURAL DEATH in our presence and we, at his request and in his presence,
and in the presence of each other, subscribe our names as witnesses on that
date. The declarant is personally known to us, and we believe him to be of
sound mind. Each of us affirms that he is qualified as a witness to this
Declaration under the provisions of the South Carolina Death With Dignity
Act in that he is not related to the declarant by blood, marriage, or
adoption, either as a spouse, lineal ancestor, descendant of the parents of
the declarant, or spouse of any of them; nor directly financially
responsible for the declarant's medical care; nor entitled to any portion
of the declarant's estate upon his decease, whether under any will or as an
heir by intestate succession; nor the beneficiary of a life insurance
policy of the declarant; nor the declarant's attending physician; nor an
employee of the attending physician; nor a person who has a claim against
the declarant's decedent's estate as of this time. No more than one of us
is an employee of a health facility in which the declarant is a patient. If
the declarant is a resident in a hospital or nursing care facility at the
date of execution of this Declaration, at least one of us is an ombudsman
designated by the State Ombudsman, Office of the Governor.

____________________ Witness

____________________ Witness

Subscribed before me by __________, the declarant, and subscribed and sworn
to before me by __________, the witnesses, this ___ day of __________,
19___.

___________________________________

Signature

Notary Public for ____________________

My commission expires: ____________

SEAL



HISTORY: 1986 Act No. 341, Section 5; 1988 Act No. 586; 1991 Act No. 149,
Section 5.

