
Date policy issued: [ENTER THE DATE OF ISSUANCE OF THE POLICY]


Date policy expires: [ENTER THE DATE OF EXPIRATION OF THE POLICY]


SWORN STATEMENT IN PROOF OF LOSS


To the [ENTER THE NAME OF THE INSURANCE COMPANY].


At time of loss, by the above indicated policy of insurance you insured:


[ENTER THE NAME OF THE INSURED]


against loss by [ENTER TYPE OF INSURANCE], upon the property described by
the under Schedule "A," according to the terms and conditions of the same
policy and all forms, endorsements, transfers and assignments attached
thereto.


Time and origin: A [ENTER THE REASON FOR LOSS] loss occured about the hour
of [ENTER APPROXIMATE TIME OF LOSS] [THE LOSS OCCURRED], on [STATE THE DATE
OF LOSS]. The cause and origin of said loss were:


[ENTER CAUSE FOR THE LOSS]


Occupancy: The building described or containing the property described, was
occupied at the time of the loss as follows, and for no other purpose
whatever:


[ENTER OCCUPANCY OF STRUCTURE]


Title and Interest: At the time of the loss the interest of your insured in
the property described therein was [THE PROPERTY CLAIMED WAS].


Changes. Since the said policy was issued there has been no assignment
thereof, or change of interest, use, occupancy, location or exposure of the
property described, except:


[ENTER ANY CHANGE IN USE OR OCCUPANCY]


Total insurance. The total amount of insurance upon the property described
by this policy was, at the time of the loss, $ [ENTER THE POLICY LIMITS OF
THE COVERAGE] ([ENTER THE POLICY LIMITS OF THE COVERAGE] Dollars) as more
particularly specified in the apportionment attached under Schedule "C,"
besides which there was no policy or other contact of insurance, written or
oral, valid or invalid.


The actual cash value of said property at the time of the loss was $ [ENTER
THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE DAMAGED ITEMS] ([ENTER THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE
DAMAGED ITEMS] Dollars).


The Whole Loss and Damage was $ [ENTER THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF DAMAGES] ([ENTER
THE TOTAL AMOUNT OF DAMAGES] Dollars)


The amount claimed under the above numbered policy is $ [ENTER THE AMOUNT
CLAIMED] ([ENTER THE AMOUNT CLAIMED] Dollars)


The said loss did not originate by any act, design or procurement on the
part of your insured, or this affiant; nothing has been done by or with the
privity or consent of your insured or this affiant, to violate the
conditions of the policy, or render it void; no articles are mentioned
herein or in annexed schedules but such as were destroyed or damaged at the
time of said loss; no property saved has in any manner been concealed, and
no attempt to deceive the said company as to the extent of said loss, has
in any manner been made. Any other information that may be required will be
furnished and considered a part of this proof.


The furnishing of this blank or the preparation of proofs by a
representative of the above insurance company is not a waiver of any of its
rights.


State of [ENTER STATE WHERE EXECUTED]


County of [ENTER COUNTY WHERE EXECUTED]


Subscribed and sworn to before me this [DAY] of [MONTH, YEAR]

