

                               [COMPANY NAME]
                              [STOCK PLAN NAME]
                                       


1. Purposes of the Plan. The purposes of this [STOCK PLAN NAME] are to
attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of
substantial responsibility, to provide additional incentive to Employees
and Consultants, and to promote the success of the Company’s business.
Options granted under the Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or
Nonstatutory Stock Options, as determined by the Administrator at the time
of grant of an Option and subject to the applicable provisions of Section
422 of the Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Restricted
Stock may also be granted under the Plan.


 


2. Definitions. As used herein, the following definitions shall apply:


(a) “Administrator” means the Board or a Committee.


(b) “Affiliate” means an entity other than a Subsidiary which, together
with the Company, is under common control of a third person or entity.


(c) “Applicable Laws” means all applicable laws, rules, regulations and
requirements, including, but not limited to, all applicable U.S. federal or
state laws, any Stock Exchange rules or regulations, and the applicable
laws, rules or regulations of any other country or jurisdiction where
Options or Restricted Stock are granted under the Plan or Participants
reside or provide services, as such laws, rules, and regulations shall be
in effect from time to time.


(d) “Award” means any award of an Option or Restricted Stock under the
Plan.


(e) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.


(f) “California Participant” means a Participant whose Award is issued in
reliance on Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations Code.


(g) “Cashless Exercise” means a program approved by the Administrator in
which payment of the Option exercise price or tax withholding obligations
may be satisfied, in whole or in part, with Shares subject to the Option,
including by delivery of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker
(on a form prescribed by the Administrator) to sell Shares and to deliver
all or part of the sale proceeds to the Company in payment of the aggregate
exercise price and, if applicable, the amount necessary to satisfy the
Company’s withholding obligations.


(h) “Cause” for termination of a Participant’s Continuous Service Status
will exist (unless another definition is provided in an applicable Option
Agreement, Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, employment agreement or
other applicable written agreement) if the Participant’s Continuous Service
Status is terminated for any of the following reasons: (i) Participant’s
willful failure to perform his or her duties and responsibilities to the
Company or Participant’s violation of any written Company policy; (ii)
Participant’s commission of any act of fraud, embezzlement, dishonesty or
any other willful misconduct that has caused or is reasonably expected to
result in injury to the Company; (iii) Participant’s unauthorized use
or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the
Company or any other party to whom the Participant owes an obligation of
nondisclosure as a result of his or her relationship with the Company; or
(iv) Participant’s material breach of any of his or her obligations under
any written agreement or covenant with the Company. The determination as to
whether a Participant’s Continuous Service Status has been terminated for
Cause shall be made in good faith by the Company and shall be final and
binding on the Participant. The foregoing definition does not in any way
limit the Company’s ability to terminate a Participant’s employment or
consulting relationship at any time, and the term “Company” will be
interpreted to include any Subsidiary, Parent, Affiliate, or any successor
thereto, if appropriate. 


(i) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 


(j) “Committee” means one or more committees or subcommittees of the Board
consisting of two (2) or more Directors (or such lesser or greater number
of Directors as shall constitute the minimum number permitted by Applicable
Laws to establish a committee or sub-committee of the Board) appointed by
the Board to administer the Plan in accordance with Section 4 below.


(k) “Common Stock” means the Company’s common stock, par value
$[0.00001] per share, as adjusted in accordance with Section 14 below.


(l) “Company” means [COMPANY NAME], a Delaware corporation.


(m) “Consultant” means any person, including an advisor but not an
Employee, who is engaged by the Company, or any Parent, Subsidiary or
Affiliate, to render services (other than capital-raising services) and is
compensated for such services, and any Director whether compensated for
such services or not.


(n) “Continuous Service Status” means the absence of any interruption or
termination of service as an Employee or Consultant. Continuous Service
Status as an Employee or Consultant shall not be considered interrupted or
terminated in the case of: (i) Company approved sick leave; (ii) military
leave; or (iii) any other bona fide leave of absence approved by the
Administrator, provided that such leave is for a period of not more than
ninety (90) days, unless reemployment upon the expiration of such leave is
guaranteed by contract or statute, or unless provided otherwise pursuant to
a written Company policy. Also, Continuous Service Status as an Employee or
Consultant shall not be considered interrupted or terminated in the case of
a transfer between locations of the Company or between the Company, its
Parents, Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or their respective successors, or a
change in status from an Employee to a Consultant or from a Consultant to
an Employee.


(o) “Director” means a member of the Board.


(p) “Disability” means “disability” within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3)
of the Code. 


(q) “Employee” means any person employed by the Company, or any Parent,
Subsidiary or Affiliate, with the status of employment determined pursuant
to such factors as are deemed appropriate by the Administrator in its sole
discretion, subject to any requirements of the Applicable Laws, including
the Code. The payment by the Company of a director’s fee shall not be
sufficient to constitute “employment” of such director by the Company or
any Parent, Subsidiary or Affiliate.


(r) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


(s) “Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the per share fair market
value of the Common Stock, as determined by the Administrator in good faith
on such basis as it deems appropriate and applied consistently with respect
to Participants. Whenever possible, the determination of Fair Market Value
shall be based upon the per share closing price for the Shares as reported
in the Wall Street Journal for the applicable date.


(t) “Family Members” means any child, stepchild, grandchild, parent,
stepparent, grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew,
mother-in-law, father-inlaw, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law,
or sister-in-law (including adoptive relationships) of the Optionee, any
person sharing the Optionee’s household (other than a tenant or employee),
a trust in which these persons (or the Optionee) have more than 50% of the
beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons (or the Optionee)
control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these
persons (or the Optionee) own more than 50% of the voting interests.


(u) “Incentive Stock Option” means an Option intended to qualify as an
incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, as
designated in the applicable Option Agreement.


(v) “Involuntary Termination” means (unless another definition is provided
in the applicable Option Agreement, Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement,
employment agreement or other applicable written agreement) the termination
of a Participant’s Continuous Service Status other than for death or
Disability or for Cause by the Company or a Subsidiary, Parent, Affiliate
or successor thereto, as appropriate.


(w) “Listed Security” means any security of the Company that is listed or
approved for listing on a national securities exchange or designated or
approved for designation as a national market system security on an
interdealer quotation system by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
(or any successor thereto).


(x) “Nonstatutory Stock Option” means an Option not intended to qualify as
an Incentive Stock Option, as designated in the applicable Option
Agreement.


(y) “Option” means a stock option granted pursuant to the Plan.


(z) “Option Agreement” means a written document, the form(s) of which shall
be approved from time to time by the Administrator, reflecting the terms of
an Option granted under the Plan and includes any documents attached to or
incorporated into such Option Agreement, including, but not limited to, a
notice of stock option grant and a form of exercise notice.


(aa) “Option Exchange Program” means a program approved by the
Administrator whereby outstanding Options (i) are exchanged for Options
with a lower exercise price or Restricted Stock or (ii) are amended to
decrease the exercise price as a result of a decline in the Fair Market
Value of the Common Stock.


(bb) “Optioned Stock” means Shares that are subject to an Option or that
were issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option.


(cc) “Optionee” means an Employee or Consultant who receives an Option.


(dd) “Parent” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an unbroken
chain of corporations ending with the Company if, at the time of grant of
the Award, each of the corporations other than the Company owns stock
possessing 50% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of
stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. A corporation that
attains the status of a Parent on a date after the adoption of the Plan
shall be considered a Parent commencing as of such date.


(ee) “Participant” means any holder of one or more Awards or Shares issued
pursuant to an Award.


(ff) “Plan” means this [STOCK PLAN NAME].


(gg) “Restricted Stock” means Shares acquired pursuant to a right to
purchase Common Stock granted pursuant to Section 11 below.


(hh) “Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement” means a written document, the
form(s) of which shall be approved from time to time by the Administrator,
reflecting the terms of Restricted Stock granted under the Plan and
includes any documents attached to such agreement.


(ii) “Rule 16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, as
amended from time to time, or any successor provision.


(jj) “Share” means a share of Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with
Section 14 below. 


(kk) “Stock Exchange” means any stock exchange or consolidated stock price
reporting system on which prices for the Common Stock are quoted at any
given time.


(ll) “Subsidiary” means any corporation (other than the Company) in an
unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if, at the time
of grant of the Award, each of the corporations other than the last
corporation in the unbroken chain owns stock possessing 50% or more of the
total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other
corporations in such chain. A corporation that attains the status of a
Subsidiary on a date after the adoption of the Plan shall be considered a
Subsidiary commencing as of such date. 


(mm) “Ten Percent Holder” means a person who owns stock representing more
than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any
Parent or Subsidiary measured as of an Award’s date of grant.


(nn) “Triggering Event” means:


(i) a sale, transfer or disposition of all or substantially all of the
Company’s assets other than to (A) a corporation or other entity of which
at least a majority of its combined voting power is owned directly or
indirectly by the Company, (B) a corporation or other entity owned directly
or indirectly by the holders of capital stock of the Company in
substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Common Stock, or
(C) an Excluded Entity (as defined in subsection (ii) below); or 


(ii) any merger, consolidation or other business combination transaction of
the Company with or into another corporation, entity or person, other than
a transaction with or into another corporation, entity or person in which
the holders of at least a majority of the shares of voting capital stock of
the Company outstanding immediately prior to such transaction continue to
hold (either by such shares remaining outstanding in the continuing entity
or by their being converted into shares of voting capital stock of the
surviving entity) a majority of the total voting power represented by the
shares of voting capital stock of the Company (or the surviving entity)
outstanding immediately after such transaction (an “Excluded Entity”).
Notwithstanding anything stated herein, a transaction shall not constitute
a “Triggering Event” if its sole purpose is to change the state of the
Company’s incorporation, or to create a holding company that will be owned
in substantially the same proportions by the persons who hold the Company’s
securities immediately before such transaction. For clarity, the term
“Triggering Event” as defined herein shall not include stock sale
transactions whether by the Company or by the holders of capital stock.



3. Stock Subject to the Plan. Subject to the provisions of Section 14
below, the maximum aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under the
Plan is [NUMBER OF SHARES] Shares, of which a maximum of [MAX ISO
SHARES] Shares may be issued under the Plan pursuant to Incentive Stock
Options. The Shares issued under the Plan may be authorized, but unissued,
or reacquired Shares. If an Award should expire or become unexercisable for
any reason without having been exercised in full, or is surrendered
pursuant to an Option Exchange Program, the unpurchased Shares that were
subject thereto shall, unless the Plan shall have been terminated, become
available for future grant under the Plan. In addition, any Shares which
are retained by the Company upon exercise of an Award in order to satisfy
the exercise or purchase price for such Award or any withholding taxes due
with respect to such Award shall be treated as not issued and shall
continue to be available under the Plan. Shares issued under the Plan and
later repurchased by the Company pursuant to any repurchase right that the
Company may have shall not be available for future grant under the Plan. 


 
4. Administration of the Plan.


(a) General. The Plan shall be administered by the Board or a Committee, or
a combination thereof, as determined by the Board. The Plan may be
administered by different administrative bodies with respect to different
classes of Participants and, if permitted by Applicable Laws, the Board may
authorize one or more officers of the Company to make Awards under the Plan
to Employees and Consultants (who are not subject to Section 16 of the
Exchange Act) within parameters specified by the Board.


(b) Committee Composition. If a Committee has been appointed pursuant to
this Section 4, such Committee shall continue to serve in its designated
capacity until otherwise directed by the Board. From time to time the Board
may increase the size of any Committee and appoint additional members
thereof, remove members (with or without cause) and appoint new members in
substitution therefor, fill vacancies (however caused) and dissolve a
Committee and thereafter directly administer the Plan, all to the extent
permitted by the Applicable Laws and, in the case of a Committee
administering the Plan in accordance with the requirements of Rule 16b-3 or
Section 162(m) of the Code, to the extent permitted or required by such 
provisions.


(c) Powers of the Administrator. Subject to the provisions of the Plan and,
in the case of a Committee, the specific duties delegated by the Board to
such Committee, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole
discretion:


(i) to determine the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock in accordance
with Section 2(s) above, provided that such determination shall be applied
consistently with respect to Participants under the Plan;


(ii) to select the Employees and Consultants to whom Awards may from time
to time be granted;


(iii) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by each Award;


(iv) to approve the form(s) of agreement(s) and other related documents
used under the Plan;


(v) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms
of the Plan, of any Award granted hereunder, which terms and conditions
include but are not limited to the exercise or purchase price, the time or
times when Awards may be exercised (which may be based on performance
criteria), the circumstances (if any) when vesting will be accelerated or
forfeiture restrictions will be waived, and any restriction or limitation
regarding any Award, Optioned Stock, or Restricted Stock;


(vi) to amend any outstanding Award or agreement related to any Optioned
Stock or Restricted Stock, including any amendment adjusting vesting (e.g.,
in connection with a change in the terms or conditions under which such
person is providing services to the Company), provided that no amendment
shall be made that would materially and adversely affect the rights of any
Participant without his or her consent; 


(vii) to determine whether and under what circumstances an Option may be
settled in cash under Section 10(c) below instead of Common Stock;


(viii) to implement an Option Exchange Program and establish the terms and
conditions of such Option Exchange Program, provided that no amendment or
adjustment to an Option that would materially and adversely affect the
rights of any Optionee shall be made without his or her consent;


(ix) to grant Awards to, or to modify the terms of any outstanding Option
Agreement or Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement or any agreement related
to any Optioned Stock or Restricted Stock held by, Participants who are
foreign nationals or employed outside of the United States with such terms
and conditions as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to
accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom which deviate
from the terms and conditions set forth in this Plan to the extent
necessary or appropriate to accommodate such differences; and


(x) to construe and interpret the terms of the Plan, any Option Agreement
or Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, and any agreement related to any
Optioned Stock or Restricted Stock, which constructions, interpretations
and decisions shall be final and binding on all Participants.


(d) Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Laws,
each member of the Committee (including officers of the Company, if
applicable), or of the Board, as applicable, shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Company against and from (i) any loss, cost, liability, or
expense that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in
connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to
which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by
reason of any action taken or failure to act under the Plan or pursuant to
the terms and conditions of any Award except for actions taken in bad faith
or failures to act in bad faith, and (ii) any and all amounts paid by him
or her in settlement thereof, with the Company’s approval, or paid by him
or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such claim, action, suit, or
proceeding against him or her, provided that such member shall give the
Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend any such
claim, action, suit or proceeding before he or she undertakes to handle and
defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification
shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such
persons may be entitled under the Company’s Articles of 
Incorporation, Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, by contract, as a
matter of law, or otherwise, or under any other power that the Company may
have to indemnify or hold harmless each such person.


 


5. Eligibility.


(a) Recipients of Grants. Nonstatutory Stock Options and Restricted Stock
may be granted to Employees and Consultants. Incentive Stock Options may be
granted only to Employees, provided that Employees of Affiliates shall not
be eligible to receive Incentive Stock Options. 


(b) Type of Option. Each Option shall be designated in the Option Agreement
as either an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonstatutory Stock Option.


(c) ISO $100,000 Limitation. Notwithstanding any designation under Section
5(b) above, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares
with respect to which Options designated as Incentive Stock Options are
exercisable for the first time by any Optionee during any calendar year
(under all plans of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary) exceeds
$100,000, such excess Options shall be treated as Nonstatutory Stock
Options. For purposes of this Section 5(c), Incentive Stock Options shall
be taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair
Market Value of the Shares subject to an Incentive Stock Option shall be
determined as of the date of the grant of such Option.


(d) No Employment Rights. Neither the Plan nor any Award shall confer upon
any Employee or Consultant any right with respect to continuation of an
employment or consulting relationship with the Company (any Parent or
Subsidiary), nor shall it interfere in any way with such Employee’s or
Consultant’s right or the Company’s (Parent’s or Subsidiary’s) right to
terminate his or her employment or consulting relationship at any time,
with or without cause.


 


6. Term of Plan. The Plan shall become effective upon its adoption by the
Board of Directors. It shall continue in effect for a term of ten (10)
years unless sooner terminated under Section 16 below. 



7. Term of Option. The term of each Option shall be the term stated in the
Option Agreement; provided that the term shall be no more than ten (10)
years from the date of grant thereof or such shorter term as may be
provided in the Option Agreement and provided further that, in the case of
an Incentive Stock Option granted to a person who at the time of such grant
is a Ten Percent Holder, the term of the Option shall be five (5) years
from the date of grant thereof or such shorter term as may be provided in
the Option Agreement.



[8.( Include for public company) Limitation on Grants to Participants. On
and after such time, if any, as the Common Stock becomes a Listed Security
and subject to adjustment as provided in Section 14 below, the maximum
aggregate number of Shares that may be subject to Awards granted to any one
person under this Plan for any fiscal year of the Company shall be [MAX
YEARLY NUMBER] Shares, provided that such limitation shall be [MAX FIRST
YEAR NUMBER]Shares during the fiscal year of any person’s initial year of
service with the Company.]


 


9. Option Exercise Price and Consideration. 


(a) Exercise Price. The per Share exercise price for the Shares to be
issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option shall be such price as is
determined by the Administrator and set forth in the Option Agreement, but
shall be subject to the following:


(i) In the case of an Incentive Stock Option


(1) granted to an Employee who at the time of grant is a Ten Percent
Holder, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair
Market Value on the date of grant; 


(2) granted to any other Employee, the per Share exercise price shall be no
less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant;


(ii) Except as provided in subsection (iii) below, in the case of a
Nonstatutory Stock Option the per Share exercise price shall be such price
as is determined by the Administrator, provided that, if the per Share
exercise price is less than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of
grant, it shall otherwise comply with all Applicable Laws, including
Section 409A of the Code; 


(iii) In the case of a Nonstatutory Stock Option that is intended to
qualify as performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code
and is granted on or after the date, if ever, on which the Common Stock
becomes a Listed Security, the per Share exercise price shall be no less
than 100% of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant; and 


(iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, Options may be granted with a per Share
exercise price other than as required above pursuant to a merger or other
corporate transaction.


(b) Permissible Consideration. The consideration to be paid for the Shares
to be issued upon exercise of an Option, including the method of payment,
shall be determined by the Administrator (and, in the case of an Incentive
Stock Option and to the extent required by Applicable Laws, shall be
determined at the time of grant) and may consist entirely of (1) cash; (2)
check; (3) to the extent permitted under Applicable Laws, delivery of a
promissory note with such recourse, interest, security and redemption
provisions as the Administrator determines to be appropriate (subject to
the provisions of Section 153 of the General Corporation Law); (4)
cancellation of indebtedness; (5) other previously owned Shares that have a
Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise
price of the Shares as to which the Option is exercised; (6) a Cashless
Exercise; (7) such other consideration and method of payment permitted
under Applicable Laws; or (8) any combination of the foregoing methods of
payment. In making its determination as to the type of consideration to
accept, the Administrator shall consider if acceptance of such
consideration may be reasonably expected to benefit the Company and the
Administrator may, in its sole discretion, refuse to accept a particular
form of consideration at the time of any Option exercise.


 


10. Exercise of Option.


(a) General.


(i) Exercisability. Any Option granted hereunder shall be exercisable at
such times and under such conditions as determined by the Administrator,
consistent with the terms of the Plan and reflected in the Option
Agreement, including vesting requirements and/or performance criteria with
respect to the Company, and Parent or Subsidiary, and/or the Optionee.


(ii) Leave of Absence. The Administrator shall have the discretion to
determine whether and to what extent the vesting of Options shall be tolled
during any unpaid leave of absence; provided, however, that in the absence
of such determination, vesting of Options shall be tolled during any such
unpaid leave (unless otherwise required by the Applicable Laws).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of military leave, vesting
shall toll during any unpaid portion of such leave, provided that, upon a
Optionee’s returning from military leave (under conditions that would
entitle him or her to protection upon such return under the Uniform
Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act), he or she shall be given
vesting credit with respect to Options to the same extent as would have
applied had the Optionee continued to provide services to the Company (or
any Parent or Subsidiary, if applicable) throughout the leave on the same
terms as he or she was providing services immediately prior to such leave.


(iii) Minimum Exercise Requirements. An Option may not be exercised for a
fraction of a Share. The Administrator may require that an Option be
exercised as to a minimum number of Shares, provided that such requirement
shall not prevent an Optionee from exercising the full number of Shares as
to which the Option is then exercisable.


(iv) Procedures for and Results of Exercise. An Option shall be deemed
exercised when written notice of such exercise has been received by the
Company in accordance with the terms of the Option Agreement by the person
entitled to exercise the Option and the Company has received full payment
for the Shares with respect to which the Option is exercised and has paid,
or made arrangements to satisfy, any applicable withholding requirements in
accordance with Section 12 below. The exercise of an Option shall result in
a decrease in the number of Shares that thereafter may be available, both
for purposes of the Plan and for sale under the Option, by the number of
Shares as to which the Option is exercised.


(v) Rights as Holder of Capital Stock. Until the issuance of the Shares (as
evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly
authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive
dividends or any other rights as a holder of capital stock shall exist with
respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding 
the exercise of the Option. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or
other right for which the record date is prior to the date the stock
certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 14 below.


(b) Termination of Employment or Consulting Relationship. The Administrator
shall establish and set forth in the applicable Option Agreement the terms
and conditions upon which an Option shall remain exercisable, if at all,
following termination of an Optionee’s Continuous Service Status, which
provisions may be waived or modified by the Administrator at any time. To
the extent that an Option Agreement does not specify the terms and
conditions upon which an Option shall terminate upon termination of an
Optionee’s Continuous Service Status, the following provisions shall apply:


(i) General Provisions. If the Optionee (or other person entitled
to exercise the Option) does not exercise the Option to the extent so
entitled within the time specified below, the Option shall terminate and
the Optioned Stock underlying the unexercised portion of the Option shall
revert to the Plan. In no event may any Option be exercised after
the expiration of the Option term as set forth in the Option Agreement (and
subject to Section 7 above). 


(ii) Terminations In General. In the event of termination of an Optionee’s
Continuous Service Status other than under the specific circumstances set
forth in the remaining subsections of this Section 10(b) below, such
Optionee may exercise any outstanding Option at any time within 3month(s)
following such termination to the extent the Optionee is vested in the
Optioned Stock.


(iii) Disability of Optionee. In the event of termination of an Optionee’s
Continuous Service Status as a result of his or her Disability, such
Optionee may exercise any outstanding Option at any time within 6 month(s)
following such termination to the extent the Optionee is vested in the
Optioned Stock.


(iv) Death of Optionee. In the event of the death of an Optionee during the
period of Continuous Service Status since the date of grant of any
outstanding Option, or within 3 month(s) following termination of
Optionee’s Continuous Service Status, the Option may be exercised by the
Optionee’s estate, or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the
Option by bequest or inheritance, at any time within 9 month(s) following
the date of death or, if earlier, the date the Optionee’s Continuous
Service Status terminated, but only to the extent the Optionee is vested in
the Optioned Stock.


(v) [Termination for Cause. In the event of termination of an Optionee’s
Continuous Service Status for Cause, any outstanding Option (including any
vested portion thereof) held by such Optionee shall immediately terminate
in its entirety upon first notification to the Optionee of termination of
the Optionee’s Continuous Service Status for Cause. If an Optionee’s
Continuous Service Status is suspended pending an investigation of whether
the Optionee’s Continuous Service Status will be terminated for Cause, all
the Optionee’s rights under any Option, including the right to exercise the
Option, shall be suspended during the investigation period. Nothing in this
Section 10(b)(v) shall in any way limit the Company’s right to purchase
unvested Shares issued upon exercise of an Option as set forth in the
applicable Option Agreement.]


(vi) [Forfeiture upon Certain Acts. In the event an Optionee engages in
[description of actions leading to forfeiture], any outstanding Option
(including any vested portion thereof) held by such Optionee shall
immediately terminate in its entirety upon first notification to the
Optionee of such actions.]


(c) Buyout Provisions. The Administrator may at any time offer to buy out
for a payment in cash or Shares an Option previously granted under the Plan
based on such terms and conditions as the Administrator shall establish and
communicate to the Optionee at the time that such offer is made.


 


11. Restricted Stock.


(a) Rights to Purchase. When a right to purchase Restricted Stock is
granted under the Plan, the Administrator shall advise the recipient in
writing of the terms, conditions and restrictions related to the offer,
including the number of Shares that such person shall be entitled to
purchase, the price to be paid (which shall be as determined by the
Administrator, subject to Applicable Laws, including any applicable
securities laws), and the time within which such person must accept such
offer. The permissible consideration for Restricted Stock shall be
determined by the Administrator and shall be the same as is set forth in
Section 9(b) above with respect to exercise of Options. The offer to
purchase Shares shall be accepted by execution of a Restricted Stock
Purchase Agreement in the form determined by the Administrator.


(b) Repurchase Option.


(i) General. Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the Restricted
Stock Purchase Agreement shall grant the Company a repurchase option
exercisable upon the voluntary or involuntary termination of the
Participant’s Continuous Service Status for any reason (including death or
Disability). The purchase price for Shares repurchased pursuant to the
Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement shall be the original purchase price
paid by the purchaser and may be paid by cancellation of any indebtedness
of the purchaser to the Company. The repurchase option shall lapse at such
rate as the Administrator may determine.


(ii) Leave of Absence. The Administrator shall have the discretion to
determine whether and to what extent the lapsing of Company repurchase
rights shall be tolled during any unpaid leave of absence; provided,
however, that in the absence of such determination, such lapsing shall be
tolled during any such unpaid leave (unless otherwise required by the
Applicable Laws). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of military
leave, the lapsing of Company repurchase rights shall toll during any
unpaid portion of such leave, provided that, upon a Participant’s returning
from military leave (under conditions that would entitle him or her to
protection upon such return under the Uniform Services Employment and
Reemployment Rights Act), he or she shall be given vesting credit with
respect to Shares purchased pursuant to the Restricted Stock Purchase
Agreement to the same extent as would have applied had the Participant
continued to provide services to the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary,
if applicable) throughout the leave on the same terms as he or she was
providing services immediately prior to such leave.


(iii) [Forfeiture upon Certain Acts. In the event a Participant engages in
[description of actions leading to forfeiture].


(c) Other Provisions. The Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement shall contain
such other terms, provisions and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan
as may be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. In
addition, the provisions of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreements need not
be the same with respect to each Participant.


(d) Rights as a Holder of Capital Stock. Once the Restricted Stock is
purchased, the Participant shall have the rights equivalent to those of a
holder of capital stock, and shall be a record holder when his or her
purchase is entered upon the records of the duly authorized transfer agent
of the Company. No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right
for which the record date is prior to the date the Restricted Stock is
purchased, except as provided in Section 14 below.


 


12. Taxes.


(a) As a condition of the grant, vesting and exercise of an Award, the
Participant (or in the case of the Participant’s death or a permitted
transferee, the person holding or exercising the Award) shall make such
arrangements as the Administrator may require for the satisfaction of any
applicable U.S. federal, state or local tax withholding obligations or
foreign tax withholding obligations that may arise in connection with such
Award. The Company shall not be required to issue any Shares under the Plan
until such obligations are satisfied.


(b) The Administrator may permit a Participant (or in the case of the
Participant’s death or a permitted transferee, the person holding or
exercising the Award) to satisfy all or part of his or her tax withholding
obligations by Cashless Exercise or by surrendering Shares (either directly
or by stock attestation) that he or she previously acquired; provided that,
unless the Cashless Exercise is an approved broker-assisted Cashless
Exercise, the Shares tendered for payment have been previously held for a
minimum duration (e.g., to avoid financial accounting charges to the
Company’s earnings), or as otherwise permitted to avoid financial
accounting charges under applicable accounting guidance, amounts withheld
shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Company’s tax
withholding obligations at the 
minimum statutory withholding rates, including, but not limited to, U.S.
federal and state income taxes, payroll taxes, and foreign taxes, if
applicable. Any payment of taxes by surrendering Shares to the Company may
be subject to restrictions, including, but not limited to, any restrictions
required by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission.


 


13. Non-Transferability of Options.


(a) General. Except as set forth in this Section 13, Options may not be
sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or disposed of in any
manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution. The
designation of a beneficiary by an Optionee will not constitute a transfer.
An Option may be exercised, during the lifetime of the holder of the
Option, only by such holder or a transferee permitted by this Section 13.


(b) Limited Transferability Rights. Notwithstanding anything else in this
Section 13, the Administrator may in its sole discretion grant Nonstatutory
Stock Options that may be transferred by instrument to an inter vivos or
testamentary trust in which the Options are to be passed to beneficiaries
upon the death of the trustor (settlor) or by gift to Family Members.


 


14. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization, Merger or Certain Other
Transactions. 


(a) Changes in Capitalization. Subject to any action required under
Applicable Laws by the holders of capital stock of the Company, (i) the
numbers and class of Shares or other stock or securities: (x) available for
future Awards under Section 3 above [Include for public company: , (y) set
forth in Section 8 above and (z)] covered by each outstanding Award, (ii)
the price per Share covered by each such outstanding Option, and (iii) any
repurchase price per Share applicable to Shares issued pursuant to any
Award, shall be proportionately adjusted by the Administrator in the event
of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, combination,
consolidation, recapitalization (including a recapitalization through a
large nonrecurring cash dividend) or reclassification of the Shares,
subdivision of the Shares, a rights offering, a reorganization, merger,
spin-off, split-up, change in corporate structure or other similar
occurrence. Any adjustment by the Administrator pursuant to this Section
14(a) shall be made in the Administrator’s sole and absolute discretion and
shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided
herein, no issuance by the Company of shares of stock of any class, or
securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and
no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number
or price of Shares subject to an Award. If, by reason of a transaction
described in this Section 14(a) or an adjustment pursuant to this Section
14(a), a Participant’s Award agreement or agreement related to any Optioned
Stock or Restricted Stock covers additional or different shares of stock or
securities, then such additional or different shares, and the Award
agreement or agreement related to the Optioned Stock or Restricted Stock in
respect thereof, shall be subject to all of the terms, conditions and
restrictions which were applicable to the Award, Optioned Stock and
Restricted Stock prior to such adjustment.


(b) Dissolution or Liquidation. In the event of the dissolution or
liquidation of the Company, each Award will terminate immediately prior to
the consummation of such action, unless otherwise determined by the
Administrator.


(c) Corporate Transactions. In the event of a sale of all or substantially
all of the Company’s assets, or a merger, consolidation or other capital
reorganization or business combination transaction of the Company with or
into another corporation, entity or person (a “Corporate Transaction”),
each outstanding Option shall either be (i) assumed or an equivalent option
or right shall be substituted by such successor corporation or a parent or
subsidiary of such successor corporation (the “Successor Corporation”), or
(ii) terminated in exchange for a payment of cash, securities and/or other
property equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of the portion of the
Optioned Stock that is vested and exercisable immediately prior to the
consummation of the Corporate Transaction over the per Share exercise price
thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event such Successor
Corporation does not agree to such assumption, substitution or exchange,
each such Option shall terminate upon the consummation of the Corporate
Transaction. 


[Acceleration if not Assumed: Unless the applicable Option Agreement,
employment agreement or other applicable written agreement provides
otherwise, if a Corporate Transaction constitutes a Triggering Event and
any outstanding Option held by a current Employee or Consultant is to be
terminated (in whole or in part) pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the
vesting and exercisability of each such Option shall accelerate such that
the Option shall become vested and exercisable in full prior to the
consummation of the Triggering Event at such time and on such conditions as
the Administrator shall determine. The Administrator shall notify the
Participant that the Option will terminate at least five (5) days prior to
the date on which the Option terminates.] OR


[Single Trigger Acceleration: Unless the applicable Option Agreement, Stock
Purchase Agreement, employment agreement or other applicable written
agreement provides otherwise, if a Corporate Transaction constitutes a
Triggering Event and irrespective of whether outstanding Options are being
assumed, substituted, exchanged or terminated in connection with the
transaction, the vesting and, if applicable, exercisability of each
outstanding Award, Optioned Stock or Restricted Stock held by a current
Employee or Consultant shall accelerate such that the Options shall become
vested and exercisable to the extent of 100% of the Shares then unvested,
and any repurchase right of the Company applicable to Optioned Stock,
Restricted Stock or shares issued upon exercise of an Award shall lapse as
to 100% of the Shares subject to such repurchase right, in each case
effective as of immediately prior to consummation of the Triggering
Event.] OR 


[Double Trigger Acceleration: Unless the applicable Option Agreement, Stock
Purchase Agreement, employment agreement or other applicable written
agreement provides otherwise, if a Participant is Involuntarily Terminated
by the Successor Corporation in connection with or within[CHANGE OF CONTROL
PERIOD] month(s) following the consummation of a Corporate Transaction that
constitutes a Triggering Event, then any Award, Optioned Stock or
Restricted Stock assumed or substituted by the Successor Corporation that
is held by the terminated Participant at the time of termination shall
accelerate and, if applicable, become exercisable such that the Options
shall become vested and exercisable as to the number of Shares that would
otherwise have vested and been exercisable as of the date 3 month(s) from
the date of termination, and any repurchase right of the Company to which
the Successor Corporation has succeeded as a result of the Triggering Event
applicable Optioned Stock, Restricted Stock or shares issued upon exercise
of an Award shall lapse as to the number of Shares as to which the
repurchase right would otherwise have lapsed as of the date 3 month(s) from
the date of termination, in each case assuming the Participant remained in
Continuous Service Status for such 3-month period. The acceleration of
vesting and lapse of repurchase rights provided for in the previous
sentence shall occur immediately prior to the effective date of termination
of the Participant’s Continuous Service Status.]


 


15. Time of Granting Options and Right to Purchase Restricted Stock. The
date of grant of an Award shall, for all purposes, be the date on which the
Administrator makes the determination granting such Award, or such other
date as is determined by the Administrator, provided that in the case of
any Incentive Stock Option, the grant date shall be the later of the date
on which the Administrator makes the determination granting such Incentive
Stock Option or the date of commencement of the Optionee’s employment
relationship with the Company.


  


16. Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may at any time amend
or terminate the Plan, but no amendment or termination (other than an
adjustment pursuant to Section 14 above) shall be made that would
materially and adversely affect the rights of any Participant under any
outstanding Award, without his or her consent. In addition, to the extent
necessary and desirable to comply with the Applicable Laws, the Company
shall obtain the approval of holders of capital stock with respect to any
Plan amendment in such a manner and to such a degree as required.


 


17. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision
of the Plan or any agreement entered into by the Company pursuant to the
Plan, the Company shall not be obligated, and shall have no liability for
failure, to issue or deliver any Shares under the Plan unless such issuance
or delivery would comply with the Applicable Laws, with such compliance
determined by the Company in consultation with its legal counsel. As a
condition to the exercise of any Option or purchase of any Restricted
Stock, the Company may require the person exercising the Option or
purchasing the Restricted Stock to represent and warrant at the time of any
such exercise or purchase that the Shares are being purchased only for
investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such
Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation
is required by Applicable Laws. Shares issued upon exercise of Options or
purchase of Restricted Stock prior to the date, if ever, on which the
Common Stock becomes a Listed Security shall be subject to a right of first
refusal in favor of the Company pursuant to which the Participant will be
required to offer Shares to the Company before selling or transferring them
to any third party on such terms and subject to such conditions as is
reflected in the applicable Option Agreement or Restricted Stock Purchase
Agreement.


 


18. Beneficiaries. Unless stated otherwise in an Award agreement, a
Participant may designate one or more beneficiaries with respect to an
Award by timely filing the prescribed form with the Company. A beneficiary
designation may be changed by filing the prescribed form with the Company
at any time before the Participant’s death. If no beneficiary was
designated or if no designated beneficiary survives the Participant, then
after a Participant’s death any vested Award(s) shall be transferred or
distributed to the Participant’s estate.


 


19. Approval of Holders of Capital Stock. If required by the Applicable
Laws, continuance of the Plan shall be subject to approval by the holders
of capital stock of the Company within twelve (12) months before or after
the date the Plan is adopted or, to the extent required by Applicable Laws,
any date the Plan is amended. Such approval shall be obtained in the manner
and to the degree required under the Applicable Laws.


 


20. Addenda. The Administrator may approve such addenda to the Plan as it
may consider necessary or appropriate for the purpose of granting Awards to
Employees or Consultants, which Awards may contain such terms and
conditions as the Administrator deems necessary or appropriate to
accommodate differences in local law, tax policy or custom, which, if so
required under Applicable Laws, may deviate from the terms and conditions
set forth in this Plan. The terms of any such addenda shall supersede the
terms of the Plan to the extent necessary to accommodate such differences
but shall not otherwise affect the terms of the Plan as in effect for any
other purpose.


 


                                 ADDENDUM A
                              [STOCK PLAN NAME]
                          (California Participants)


Prior to the date, if ever, on which the Common Stock becomes a Listed
Security and/or the Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the
Exchange Act, the terms set forth herein shall apply to Awards issued to
California Participants. All capitalized terms used herein but not
otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings set forth in the Plan.


1. The following rules shall apply to any Option in the event of
termination of the Participant’s Continuous Service Status:


(a) If such termination was for reasons other than death, “disability” (as
defined below), or Cause, the Participant shall have at least thirty (30)
days after the date of such termination to exercise his or her Option to
the extent the Participant is entitled to exercise on his or her
termination date, provided that in no event shall the Option be exercisable
after the 
expiration of the Option term as set forth in the Option Agreement.


(b) If such termination was due to death or disability, the Participant
shall have at least six (6) months after the date of such termination to
exercise his or her Option to the extent the Participant is entitled to
exercise on his or her termination date, provided that in no event shall
the Option be exercisable after the expiration of the Option term as set
forth in the Option Agreement.


“Disability” for purposes of this Addendum shall mean the inability of the
Participant, in the 
opinion of a qualified physician acceptable to the Company, to perform the
major duties of the 
Participant’s position with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary because
of the sickness or 
injury of the Participant.


2. Notwithstanding anything stated herein to the contrary, no Option shall
be exercisable on or after the tenth anniversary of the date of grant and
any Award agreement shall terminate on or before the tenth anniversary of
the date of grant.


3. The Company shall furnish summary financial information (audited or
unaudited) of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations,
consistent with the requirements of Applicable Laws, at least annually to
each California Participant during the period such Participant has one or
more Awards outstanding, and in the case of an individual who acquired
Shares pursuant to the Plan, during the period such Participant owns such
Shares. The Company shall not be required to provide such information if
(i) the issuance is limited to key employees whose duties in connection
with the Company assure their access to equivalent information or (ii) the
Plan or any agreement complies with all conditions of Rule 701 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended; provided that for purposes of
determining such compliance, any registered domestic partner shall be
considered a “family member” as that term is defined in Rule 701.

