
Date: [DATE]


Between [NAME] at [COMPANY NAME] and [CLIENT NAME] at [CLIENT COMPANY].


Summary


The vast majority of design projects run smoothly, without any problems.
However, from time to time, something does come up, and it's important that
we both have an understanding of how best to deal with it. This contract is
designed to ensure that we're both protected from any unexpected
circumstances. It also lays out the basic groundwork for how the project
will progress, and what's expected of us both. In the interests of saving a
lot of headaches, this document contains the strict minimum of legal jargon
required to still be legally enforceable.


So in short;


You, [CLIENT NAME], located at [CLIENT ADDRESS], are hiring me, [COMPANY
NAME], located at [ADDRESS], to design and develop a brand for the
estimated total price of [TOTAL] as outlined in our previous correspondence
and in estimate number [ESTIMATE NUMBER].


What do both parties agree to do?


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself, your company or your organization. You agree to provide me with
everything that I need to complete the project including text, images and
other information as and when I need it, and in the format that I ask for.
You’ll review my work and provide feedback and approval in a timely manner.
Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be bound by any dates we set
together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out at the
end of this contract.


Me: I have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from
me and I will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the
way I will endeavour to meet all the deadlines set but I can't be
responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in
supplying materials or have not approved or signed off my work on-time at
any stage. On top of this I will also maintain the confidentiality of any
information that you give me.


Getting down to the nitty gritty


Design


This contract allows for two to four initial mockups, developed to one main
design, plus the opportunity for you to make up to five rounds of
revisions, for each graphic element listed in the estimate. If, at any
stage, you’re not happy with the direction the work is taking, you’ll pay
me in full for everything I’ve produced until that point and cancel this
contract.


Text content


I'm not responsible for writing or editing any text copy unless specified
in the original estimate. If you’d like me to write new content or edit
text for you, I can provide a separate estimate for that.


Photographs


You should supply graphic files in an editable, vector digital format. You
should supply photographs in a high resolution digital format. If you
choose to buy stock photographs, I can suggest stock libraries. If you’d
like me to search for photographs for you, I can provide a separate
estimate for that.


Changes and revisions


This contract is fixed-price, however, sometimes things change throughout
the scope of a project. I don’t want to limit your ability to change your
mind. If you want to change your mind or add anything new, that won’t be a
problem. Any additional fees will be confirmed in writing prior to doing
the work.


Legal stuff


I can’t guarantee that my work will be error-free and so I can’t be liable
to you or any third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings
or other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if you’ve
advised me of them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall be
unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall
be deemed severable from this contract and shall not affect the validity
and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork you provide are either owned by your good
selves, or that you’ve permission to use them.


Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright will be automatically
assigned as follows:


You’ll own the visual elements that I create for this project. I’ll give
you source files and finished files and you should keep them somewhere safe
as I'm not required to keep a copy. You own all elements of text, images
and data you provided, unless someone else owns them.


I’ll own the unique combination of these elements that constitutes a
complete design and I’ll license that you, exclusively and in perpetuity
for this project only, unless we agree otherwise. This basically just means
that you can't take the design I made for you and sell it to Nike, but
otherwise won't impact you.


I love to show off my work and share what I’ve learned with other people,
so I reserve the right, with your permission, to display and link to your
project as part of my portfolio and to write about it on websites, in
magazine articles, and in books.


Payments


I'm sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that I send you promptly. As I'm also sure you’ll want to
stay friends, you agree to stick to the following payment schedule.


50% of total estimated pre-tax fee upon agreement of initial design:
$Deposit Fee


Remainder of fee payable not more than 30 days after receipt of finished
product and invoice: $Remainder of Fee


Interest accrued if payment is more than 30 days late is 5% of outstanding
amount to be added every 7 days, starting from 31st day after receipt of
finished product.


But where’s all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you can’t transfer this contract to anyone else
without my permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document.


The dotted line


Signed by and on behalf of [COMPANY NAME]


Signed by and on behalf of [CLIENT NAME]


Date [DATE]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.

