
This Technology Assignment Agreement (the “Agreement”) is effective as of
 [DATE] between [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation, with a place of business
at [HEADQUARTERS LOCATION] (“Company”), and [NAME OF ASSIGNER], an
individual (“Developer”). The assignment and stock issuance hereunder is
intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Internal Revenue Code
Section 351.


1. Assignment. Developer hereby assigns to Company exclusively and
throughout the world all right, title and interest (whether or not now
existing) in (a) the subject matter referred to in Exhibit A (the
“Technology”), (b) all precursors, portions and works in progress with
respect thereto and all inventions, works of authorship, mask works,
technology, information, know-how, materials and tools relating thereto or
to the development, support or maintenance thereof and (c) all copyrights,
patent rights, trade secret rights, trademark rights, mask works rights,
sui generis database rights and all other intellectual and industrial
property rights of any sort and all business, contract rights, causes of
action, and goodwill in, incorporated or embodied in, used to develop, or
related to any of the foregoing (collectively, “Intellectual Property”). To
the extent allowed by applicable law, this Section 1 includes all rights of
paternity, integrity, disclosure and withdrawal and any other rights that
may be known as or referred to as moral rights, artist’s rights, droit
moral or the like (collectively, “Moral Rights”). To the extent Developer
retains any Moral Rights under applicable law, Developer hereby ratifies
and consents, and hereby provides all necessary ratifications and consents,
to any action that may be taken with respect to such Moral Rights by or
authorized by Company, and Developer agrees not to assert any Moral Rights
with respect thereto. Developer will confirm any such ratification, consent
or agreement from time to time as requested by Company.


2. Consideration. Company agrees to issue to Developer certain shares of
common stock of the Company on the effective date of this Agreement
pursuant to the provisions of a Stock Purchase Agreement of even date
herewith between Company and Developer. Such shares shall be the only
consideration required of Company with respect to the subject matter of
this Agreement.


3. Further Assurances. Developer agrees to assist Company in every proper
way to evidence, record and perfect the Section 1 assignment and to apply
for and obtain recordation of and from time to time enforce, maintain and
defend the assigned rights. If Company is unable for any reason whatsoever
to secure Developer’s signature to any document it is entitled to under
this Section 3, Developer hereby irrevocably designates and appoints
Company and its duly authorized officers and agents, as his agents and
attorneys-in-fact with full power of substitution to act for and on his
behalf and instead of Developer, to execute and file any such document or
documents and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the
purposes of the foregoing with the same legal force and effect as if
executed by Developer.


4. Confidential Information. Developer will not use or disclose anything
assigned to Company hereunder, anything related to the terms of this
Agreement, or any other technical or business information or plans of
Company, except to the extent Developer (a) can document that it is
generally available (through no fault of Developer) for use and disclosure
by the public without any charge, license or restriction, or (b) is
permitted to use or disclose such information or plans pursuant to a
Proprietary Information and Inventions Agreement by and between Developer
and Company of even date herewith. Developer recognizes and agrees that any
breach or threatened breach of this Section 4 will cause irreparable harm
to Company for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and,
therefore, Company will be entitled to equitable relief (including without
limitation, injunctions) with respect thereto (without the necessity of
posting any bond) in addition to any other remedies.


5. Warranty. Developer represents and warrants to Company that Developer
(i) was the sole owner (other than Company) of all rights, title and
interest in and to the Technology and Intellectual Property, (b) has not
assigned, transferred, licensed, pledged or otherwise encumbered any
Technology or Intellectual Property or agreed to do so, (c) has full power
and authority to enter into this Agreement and to make the assignment
provided in Section 1, (d) is not aware of any violation, infringement or
misappropriation of any third party’s rights (or any claim thereof) by the
Technology or Intellectual Property, (e) was not acting within the scope of
employment by any third party when conceiving, creating or otherwise
performing any activity with respect to anything purportedly assigned in
Section 1, and (f) is not aware of any questions or challenges with respect
to the patentability or validity of any claims of any existing patents or
patent applications relating to the Intellectual Property.


6. Miscellaneous. This Agreement is not assignable or transferable by
Developer without the prior written consent of Company; any attempt to do
so shall be void. Any notice, report, approval or consent required or
permitted hereunder shall be in writing and will be deemed to have been
duly given if delivered personally or mailed by first-class, registered or
certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid to the respective addresses of the
parties as set forth herein (or such other address as a party may designate
by ten (10) days notice). No failure to exercise, and no delay in
exercising, on the part of either party, any privilege, any power or any
rights hereunder will operate as a waiver thereof, nor will any single or
partial exercise of any right or power hereunder preclude further exercise
of any other right hereunder. If any provision of this Agreement shall be
adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum
extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full
force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement shall be deemed to have
been made in, and shall be construed pursuant to the laws of the State of
New York and the United States without regard to conflicts of laws
provisions thereof. Any legal action or proceeding relating to this
Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts
located in New York County, New York, and each party consents to the
jurisdiction thereof. The prevailing party in any action to enforce this
Agreement shall be entitled to recover costs and expenses including,
without limitation, attorneys’ fees. Any waivers or amendments shall be
effective only if made in writing and signed by a representative of the
respective parties authorized to bind the parties. Both parties agree that
this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual
understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous
written and oral agreements and communications relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement.


[Signature Page Follows]


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as a
sealed instrument, effective as of the date and year first written above.


Exhibit A


Technology


The “Technology” includes, but is not limited to, all ideas, concepts,
specifications, designs, models, prototypes, techniques, tools, diagrams,
outlines, descriptions and other documentation, information, data, and all
other technology of any kind applicable to the presently intended business
of [COMPANY], including [DESCRIPTION].


The Intellectual Property assigned hereunder includes the following
documents and other materials that were created in connection with
development of, and further describe, the Technology:


{{Insert Description of Specific Documents, Prototypes, Source Code.}}

