
                               [COMPANY NAME]


            TELECOMMUTING INTERNSHIP AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”)


I, on behalf of my minor child [MINOR NAME] (“Participant”), hereby
acknowledge that Participant has voluntarily elected to participate in a
non-credit summer internship at [COMPANY NAME] (“Company”), from
approximately [START DATE] and end on [END DATE]. In consideration for
being permitted by [COMPANY NAME] to participate in the internship, I
hereby acknowledge and agree to the following:


Representations: I represent that: (1) Participant is not a party to any
agreement that would prohibit him/her from entering into internship with
the Company; (2) no trade secret or proprietary information belonging to
previous employers, if any, will be disclosed by Participant to the Company
and that no such information, whether in the form of documents, memoranda,
software, drawings, etc., will be retained by me or Participant or given by
Participant to the Company; and (3) I have brought to the Company’s
attention and provided it with a copy of any agreement, order of any court
or administrative body or any other similar item that may impact
Participant's internship at the Company, including but not limited to any
non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or invention assignment
agreements containing future work restrictions.


Certification of Fitness to Participate: I attest that Participant is
physically and mentally fit to participate in the internship and that
Participant do not have any medical record of history that could be
aggravated by participation in the internship.


Nature of Internship: By signing below, I acknowledge that I have consented
Participant to participate in this unpaid internship and that my enrollment
of Participant is elective and voluntary. I recognize that if credit is
available from Participant's school for participation in the internship
that the Company is willing to work with me to meet any requirements for
receiving credit.


I further acknowledge that: (1) the training in the field of [FIELD OF
STUDY] is similar to and enhances instruction given in studies at [SCHOOL
OF STUDY]; (2) the internship is for Participant's benefit to receive
training and mentoring, and to provide valuable experience for future job
selection, application, and performance in the field of [FIELD OF STUDY];
(3) Participant will work under the close observation of mentors at the
Company; (4) unless advised otherwise, Participant is not entitled to a job
at the conclusion of the internship period; (5) Participant is not entitled
to wages or other compensation other than his/her experience and learning
for the time spent as an intern for the Company; and (6) that the
internship does not create an "employment" relationship under the Fair
Labor Standards Act ("FLSA") or any other definition, and the FLSA's
minimum wage and overtime provisions do not apply.


Discontinuation: I acknowledge that (1) I have the right to terminate
Participant’s participation in the internship at any time and that the
Company has that same right as well; and that (2) a termination shall not
affect any post-internship terms mentioned in the Agreement.


Workplace: As a telecommuting internship, I agree that Participant will
perform work on my premises and that it is a safe workspace for
telecommuting work. I understands that I remain liable for injuries to
third persons and/or members of my family on my own premises. I agree to
defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, employees,
contractors and agents, from and against any and all claims, demands or
liability (including any related losses, costs, expenses, and attorney
fees) resulting from, or arising in connection with, any injury to persons
or damage to property caused, directly or indirectly, by the services
provided herein by Participant or by Participant’s willful misconduct,
negligent acts or omissions in the performance of the duties and
obligations under this Agreement, except where such claims, demands, or
liability arise solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of
the Company. I acknowledge that there are certain risks inherent in this
internship and any other similar internship. I acknowledge that all risks
cannot be prevented and I assume those risks are beyond the control of the
the Company.


Confidentiality & Copyrights Assignments: I agree to ensure that
Participant shall abide by all the rules and requirements of
confidentiality required by the Company.


During Participant's internship and (if the internship is discontinued for
any reason whatsoever) thereafter, Participant and I agree to hold in
strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the Company
to the extent necessary to perform obligations to the Company, and not to
disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, without written
authorization from the Company in each instance, any Confidential
Information (as defined below) that I or Participant obtain, access or
create during the term of the internship, whether or not during working
hours, until such Confidential Information becomes publicly and widely
known and made generally available through no wrongful act of mine, of
Participant or of others who were under confidentiality obligations as to
the item or items involved. I further agree not to make copies of such
Confidential Information except as authorized by the Company and that I or
Participant will not reverse engineer or attempt to derive the composition
or underlying information, structure or ideas of any Confidential
Information. The foregoing does not grant me or Participant a license in or
to any of the Confidential Information.


“Confidential Information” means information and physical material not
generally known or available outside the Company and information and
physical material entrusted to the Company in confidence by third parties.
Confidential Information includes, without limitation: (i) Company
Inventions (as defined below); (ii) technical data, trade secrets, know-
how, research, product or service ideas or plans, software codes and
designs, developments, inventions, laboratory notebooks, processes,
formulas, techniques, biological materials, mask works, engineering designs
and drawings, hardware configuration information, lists of, or information
relating to, employees and consultants of the Company (including, but not
limited to, the names, contact information, jobs, compensation, and
expertise of such employees and consultants), lists of, or information
relating to, suppliers and customers (including, but not limited to,
customers of the Company on whom Participant called or with whom
Participant became acquainted during the internship), price lists, pricing
methodologies, cost data, market share data, marketing plans, licenses,
contract information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical
financial data, budgets or other business information disclosed to me by
the Company either directly or indirectly, whether in writing,
electronically, orally, or by observation.


“Inventions” means discoveries, developments, concepts, designs, ideas,
know how, improvements, inventions, trade secrets and/or original works of
authorship, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally
protectable. I and Participant understand this includes, but is not limited
to, any new product, machine, article of manufacture, biological material,
method, procedure, process, technique, use, equipment, device, apparatus,
system, compound, formulation, composition of matter, design or
configuration of any kind, or any improvement thereon. I and Participant
understand that “Company Inventions” means any and all Inventions that
Participant may solely or jointly author, discover, develop, conceive, or
reduce to practice during the period of the internship.


I and Participant agree to assign to the Company, or its designee, all
right, title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, original works
of authorship, developments, concepts, improvements, designs, drawings,
discoveries, algorithms, formulas, computer code, ideas, trademarks, or
trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registrable under patent,
copyright or similar laws, related to the Company’s business, which the
Participant may solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to
practice, or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice,
with the use of Company’s equipment, supplies, facilities, assets, or
Company Confidential Information, or which may arise out of any research or
other activity created in the scope of Participant internship.


In consideration for Participant position at the Company, and disclosure of
the information, I and Participant agree as follows: (1) on the end of
Participant association with the Company, Participant will promptly return
all Proprietary Information and all copies, extracts, and other objects or
items in which it may be contained or embodied; (2) promptly notify the
Company of any unauthorized release of Proprietary Information within my or
Participant control; (3) follow the Company’s strict policy that interns
must not disclose, either directly or indirectly, any information,
including any of the terms of this letter, regarding compensation to any
person, including other employees of the Company; provided, however, that
you may discuss the terms of this letter with members of your immediate
family and any legal, tax or accounting specialists who provide you with
individual legal, tax or accounting advice; and (4) any breach by
Participant of the provisions in this section could cause the Company to
suffer irreparable harm and no adequate remedy at law would be available in
respect thereof. Accordingly, I agree that upon any such breach, the
Company shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, as well as such further
relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.


Choice of Law: I hereby agree that this Agreement shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of California.


Miscellaneous: (1) If any term or provision of this Agreement shall be held
illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any law governing this
Agreement the validity of the remaining portions shall not be affected
thereby; (2) the failure of either party to enforce its rights under this
Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of
such rights; (3) neither party shall assign or transfer all or any part of
its rights under this Agreement without the consent of the other party; (4)
this letter reflects the entire agreement regarding the terms and
conditions of Participant's internship. Accordingly, it supersedes and
completely replaces any prior oral or written communication on this
subject; and (5) this letter may not be modified or amended except by a
written agreement, signed by the Company and by you.


I hereby acknowledge that I have read, understand and will abide by each of
the terms and conditions of this Agreement.


[LEGAL NAME OF MINOR]
[JUN 1, 2014]


I certify that I have custody of Participant or am the legal guardian of
Participant by court order. I have read this Agreement and fully understand
and agree to its terms.


[LEGAL NAME OF PARENT OR GUARDIAN]
[ADDRESS]
[JUN 1, 2014]


Received by:


[SENDER'S FULL LEGAL NAME]
[JUN 1, 2014]
[TITLE]

