
                               [COMPANY NAME]


                          [POSITION TYPE] AGREEMENT


Dear [INTERN NAME]:


It gives me pleasure to offer you a [TYPE] position at [COMPANY NAME] (the
“Company”). In addition to confirming the offer, this letter will describe
the terms and conditions of your [TYPE].


Title: Your title will be [POSITION TITLE] and you will report to [REPORTS-
TO] or as otherwise directed by the Company CEO.


Duties: You will assist with:[DUTIES]


Effective Date: Your [ROLE] will begin on [STARTDATE]


Nature of [TYPE]: By signing below, you acknowledge that you have consented
to participate in this unpaid [ROLE]. Note all approved expenses incurred
will be reimbursed, they have to be acknowledged by the PM and CEO prior.


You further acknowledge that: (1) you are not entitled to wages or other
compensation other than your experience and learning for the time spent as
an [TYPE] for the Company; and (2) you agree that the [TYPE] does not
create an "employment" relationship under the Employment Standards Act
("ESA") or any other definition, and the ESA's minimum wage and overtime
provisions do not apply; (3) all compensation will be determined at the
discretion of the management team at a later date, based on criteria
defined by said team.


At-Will Agreement: Your Type with the Company is “At-Will.” Accordingly,
this letter is not to be construed or interpreted as containing any
guarantee of any particular level or nature of compensation or future
employment. As such, the recitation of certain time periods in this letter
is solely for the purpose of defining this [ROLE]. At any time, you or the
Company can end this agreement by giving written notice (including by
email) to the other party. Whenever this agreement ends, the
Confidentiality & Copyrights Assignments section below will continue to
apply indefinitely.


Representations: You represent that: (1) you are not a party to any
agreement that would prohibit you from entering into [ROLE] or employment
with the Company; (2) no trade secret or proprietary information belonging
to your previous employers will be disclosed by you at the Company and that
no such information, whether in the form of documents, memoranda, software,
drawings, etc., will be retained by you or brought with you to the Company;
and (3) you have brought to the Company’s attention and provided it with a
copy of any agreement, order of any court or administrative body or any
other similar item that may impact your [ROLE] at the Company, including
but not limited to any non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation,
privately owned patent or proprietary rights, either domestic or foreign or
invention assignment agreements containing future work restrictions.


Confidentiality & Copyrights Assignments: During your [ROLE] and (if your
[ROLE] is discontinued for any reason whatsoever) thereafter, you agree to
hold in strictest confidence, and not to use, except for the benefit of the
Company to the extent necessary to perform obligations to the Company, and
not to disclose to any person, firm, corporation or other entity, without
written authorization from the Company in each instance, any Confidential
Information (as defined below) that you obtain, access or create during the
term of the [ROLE], whether or not during working hours, until such
Confidential Information becomes publicly and widely known and made
generally available through no wrongful act of yours or of others who were
under confidentiality obligations as to the item or items involved. You
further agree not to make copies of such Confidential Information except as
authorized by the Company and that you will not reverse engineer or attempt
to derive the composition or underlying information, structure or ideas of
any Confidential Information. The foregoing does not grant you a license in
or to any of the Confidential Information.


“Confidential Information” means information and physical material not
generally known or available outside the Company and information and
physical material entrusted to the Company in confidence by third parties.
Confidential Information includes, without limitation: (i) Company
Inventions (as defined below); (ii) technical data, trade secrets, know-
how, research, product or service ideas or plans, software codes and
designs, developments, inventions, laboratory notebooks, processes,
formulas, techniques, biological materials, mask works, engineering designs
and drawings, hardware configuration information, lists of, or information
relating to, employees, Types and consultants of the Company (including,
but not limited to, the names, contact information, jobs, compensation, and
expertise of such Types, employees and consultants), lists of, or
information relating to, suppliers and customers (including, but not
limited to, customers of the Company on whom you called or with whom you
became acquainted during the [ROLE]), price lists, pricing methodologies,
cost data, market share data, marketing plans, licenses, contract
information, business plans, financial forecasts, historical financial
data, budgets or other business information disclosed to you by the Company
either directly or indirectly, whether in writing, electronically, orally,
or by observation.


“Inventions” means discoveries, developments, concepts, designs, ideas,
know how, improvements, inventions, trade secrets and/or original works of
authorship, whether or not patentable, copyrightable or otherwise legally
protectable. You understand this includes, but is not limited to, any new
product, machine, article of manufacture, biological material, method,
procedure, process, technique, use, equipment, device, apparatus, system,
compound, formulation, composition of matter, design or configuration of
any kind, or any improvement thereon. You understand that “Company
Inventions” means any and all Inventions that you may solely or jointly
author, discover, develop, conceive, or reduce to practice during the
period of the [ROLE].


You further agree to assign to the Company, or its designee, all right,
title, and interest in and to any and all inventions, original works of
authorship, developments, concepts, improvements, designs, drawings,
discoveries, algorithms, formulas, computer code, ideas, trademarks, or
trade secrets, whether or not patentable or registrable under patent,
copyright or similar laws, related to the Company’s business, which you
solely or jointly conceive or develop or reduce to practice, or cause to be
conceived or developed or reduced to practice, with the use of Company’s
equipment, supplies, facilities, assets, or Company Confidential
Information, or which may arise out of any research or other activity
created in the scope of this [ROLE].


In consideration for your [ROLE] at the Company, and disclosure of the
information, you also agree that: (1) on the end of your association with
the Company, you will promptly return all Proprietary Information and all
copies, extracts, and other objects or items in which it may be contained
or embodied; (2) you will promptly notify the Company of any unauthorized
release of Proprietary Information within your control; (3) you agree to
follow the Company’s strict policy that employees and Types must not
disclose, either directly or indirectly, any information, including any of
the terms of this letter, regarding compensation to any person, including
other employees and [ROLE] of the Company; provided, however, that you may
discuss the terms of this letter with members of your immediate family and
any legal, tax or accounting specialists who provide you with individual
legal, tax or accounting advice; and (4) you understand and agree that any
breach by you of the provisions in this section could cause the Company to
suffer irreparable harm and no adequate remedy at law would be available in
respect thereof. Accordingly, you agree that upon any such breach, the
Company shall be entitled to seek equitable relief, as well as such further
relief as may be granted by a court of competent jurisdiction.


Choice of Law: You hereby agree that this Agreement shall be construed in
accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario.


Miscellaneous: (1) If any term or provision of this Agreement shall be held
illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any law governing this
Agreement the validity of the remaining portions shall not be affected
thereby; (2) the failure of either party to enforce its rights under this
Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of
such rights; (3) neither party shall assign or transfer all or any part of
its rights under this Agreement without the consent of the other party; (4)
this letter reflects the entire agreement regarding the terms and
conditions of your [ROLE]. Accordingly, it supersedes and completely
replaces any prior oral or written communication on this subject; and (5)
this letter may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement,
signed by the Company and by you.


To confirm your acceptance of this offer, please sign this document by
[DATE].


Sincerely,


[EMPLOYER NAME]
[TODAYDATE]
[TITLE]


Acknowledged and Agreed:


[FULL LEGAL NAME]
[ADDRESS]
[TODAY'S DATE]

