
                     CONSULTING AGREEMENT (for Services)


Effective [DATE] (“Effective Date”),  [CONSULTANT NAME] (“Consultant”) and
[COMPANY] (“Company”), agree (this “Agreement”) as follows:


1. Services and Payment. Consultant agrees to undertake and complete the
Services (as defined in Exhibit A) in accordance with and on the schedule
specified in Exhibit A. 


2. Ownership; Rights; Proprietary Information; Publicity. Company shall own
all right, title and interest for work completed during each Billing Period
after invoice for that Billing Period is paid in full to the Consultant.


2.1 Billing period starts from the first day of the month and ends the last
day of the month for the duration of the working Agreement.


3. Warranty. Consultant warrants that the Services will be performed in a
professional and workmanlike manner and that none of such Services or any
part of this Agreement is or will be inconsistent with any obligation
Consultant may have to others.  All deliverables shall be to the best of
consultants’s knowledge original work of consultant and/or its independent
contractors. Contractor will ensure all third-party resources utlitized in
deliverables do not violate the rights of any third parties.


4. Termination. Either party may terminate the contract at any time through
written request. The Company shall upon termination pay Consultant all
unpaid amounts due for Services completed prior to notice of termination.


5. Relationship of the Parties. Each party shall be and act as an
independent contractor and not a partner, joint venturer, or agent of the
other. 


6. Notice. All notices under this Agreement shall be in writing.


7. Miscellaneous. No changes or modifications or waivers to this Agreement
will be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. 


                                  EXHIBIT A


                               Services & Fees


Services:


[ADD DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES YOIUR CONSULTANT IS RESPONSIBLE FOR]


 Term:


The term will continue until the Services are completed or the Agreement is
terminated under Section 4, whichever occurs first.


Fees:


Hourly fee of $[HOURLY RATE]


Exclusive of travel time; payable semi-monthly  in arrears 30 days after
receipt of itemized invoice, with a cap of $[CAP AMOUNT] per billing
period.


Expense reimbursement


Limited to required, reasonable telephone expenses, coach class (or
equivalent) transportation, lodging and meals that have been authorized in
writing by Company in advance; payable 30 days after receipt of itemized
invoice. 

