

          TRADEMARK/SERVICE MARK AND “RIGHT OF PUBLICITY” AGREEMENT


 


THIS TRADEMARK, SERVICE MARK AND RIGHT OF PUBLICITY LICENSE AGREEMENT
("AGREEMENT") is made and entered into effective as of [DATE] (the
"Effective Date") by and between [LICENSOR] operating under the corporate
entity “[PARTY]”, with its registered place of business at [LICENSOR
ADDRESS] ("Licensor") and [PARTY 2], Inc., a Delaware corporation
("Licensee" and/or "Party 2”).


WHEREAS, Licensor has adopted and/or has registered with the United States
Patent and Trademark Office and/or the trademark offices of various foreign
countries, and is using the trademark and/or service mark “[PARTY]”
("Intellectual Property") throughout the world in connection with personal
appearances, endorsements, performances, products, etc.; and


WHEREAS, Licensee desires to use the Trademark and/or Service Mark in both
block letter and stylized form. In addition, Licensee desires to use the
other Intellectual Property Rights, specifically Right of Publicity in
connection with Licensee's Interactive Game “[GAME NAME]” to promote the
fact that Licensor is affiliated with and endorses “[GAME NAME]” throughout
the universe ("Territory"); and


WHEREAS, Licensor, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
AGREEMENT, is willing to permit Licensee to use the Trademark, Service
Mark, Right of Publicity and/or other Intellectual Property Rights in
connection with “[GAME NAME]” for the mutual benefit of Licensor and
Licensee. Specifically, Licensor grants Licensee the right to use,
incorporate, attach, etc. Licensor’s image, likeness, identity, etc. within
the "[GAME NAME]” gaming software.


WHEREAS, Licensor, acknowledges that the term Right of Publicity as used
herein includes, but not limited to, Licensor’s Name, Likeness, Image,
Physical Appearance and /or other unequivocal aspects of Licensor's
identity.


WHEREAS, Licensor, shall be paid a royalty on a quarterly basis as follows:


   1. Guaranteed Payments
      LICENSEE shall pay to LICENSOR a royalty of [NUMBER] percent ([##]%)
      of LICENSEE’S  net sales of the LICENSED GOODS.  LICENSEE’S net sales
      shall mean the gross sales price billed to, and/or the monetary value
      of all other consideration payable by, Licensee’s customers with
      respect to the sale or other distribution of all Licensed Products,
      less Sales Taxes and Allowable Deductions only. The term “Allowable
      Deductions” means: (i) actual returns of Licensed Products to Licensee
      by Licensee’s customers; (ii) delivery and or shipping expenses and
      (iii) quantity discounts given to Licensee’s customers for high volume
      purchases of Licensed Products, as separately stated on an invoice or
      a credit memo.  No deductions shall be made for costs incurred in the
      design, manufacture, distribution, advertising, promotion and sale of
      the LICENSED GOODS. Said royalty payments shall be paid to LICENSOR
      quarterly on April 30, July 31, October 31, and January 31 for the
      preceding calendar quarter, accompanied by a complete and accurate
      statement showing quantities of LICENSED GOODS sold and LICENSEE’S net
      sales figures.


   2. LICENSEE shall keep and maintain at its principal place of business
      true and accurate books and records and supporting documentation of
      all transactions that relate to this AGREEMENT.  LICENSEE will permit
      duly authorized representatives or agents of LICENSOR at reasonable
      times, upon reasonable notice, and at LICENSOR’S cost to inspect and
      copy said books and records. If any inspection by LICENSOR shall
      disclose a discrepancy with respect to the amount of royalties paid by
      LICENSEE to LICENSOR, LICENSEE shall promptly pay to LICENSOR the
      discrepancy amount.


WHEREAS, Licensor agrees to and shall employ “best efforts” to promote the
[GAME NAME] including, but not limited to, making mention of [GAME NAME] in
TV appearances, personal appearances, on Licensor’s personal website,
Facebook page, Twitter page, creating a Youtube video of at least 30
seconds promoting [GAME NAME] the game, said video shall be posted on
Youtube.com and conspicuously on Licensor’s website, Facebook page and
mentioned on Licensor’s Twitter account and in Licensor’s Tweets from time
to time.


WHEREAS, a portion of the profits from [GAME NAME]’s in-application sale
will be donated to a not-for-profit organization to be agreed upon by both
parties at a later date.


NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises, the mutual
covenants set forth below, and other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties
hereto agree as follows:


                                  Section 1


                                   LICENSE


1.1 Scope of License. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
AGREEMENT, Licensor grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable to
use the Trademark, Service Mark and/or Right of Publicity in connection
with the interactive game “[GAME NAME]” throughout the Territory.
Specifically, Licensor grants Licensee the right to replicate and
incorporate Licensor’s image, likeness, identity including physical
characteristics into the game "[GAME NAME]”.


1.2 Non-Assignment. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the rights
granted to Licensee by and obtained by Licensee as a result of or in
connection with this AGREEMENT are license rights only, and nothing
contained in this AGREEMENT constitutes or shall be construed to be an
assignment of any or all of Licensor's rights in the Trademark, Service
Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity.


                                  Section 2


                             LICENSOR'S CONTROL


In order to protect and preserve Licensor's rights in the Trademark,
Service Mark and/or Right of Publicity, Licensee understands, acknowledges,
and agrees that once Licensee's use of the Trademark, Service Mark and/or
Right of Publicity in connection with [GAME NAME] is initially approved by
Licensor, any subsequent material alteration, modification, or change in
such use must be reviewed and approved by Licensor prior to implementation
of such alteration, modification, or change.


                                  Section 3


                            USE OF THE TRADEMARK


3.1. Impairment of Licensor's Rights. Licensee shall not at any time,
whether during or after the term of this AGREEMENT, do or cause to be done
any act or thing challenging, contesting, impairing, invalidating, or
tending to impair or invalidate any of Licensor's rights in the Trademark,
Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity or any registrations
derived from such rights.


3.2 Licensor's Rights and Remedies. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that
Licensor has, shall retain, and may exercise, both during the term of this
AGREEMENT and thereafter, all rights and remedies available to Licensor,
whether derived from this AGREEMENT, from statute, or otherwise, as a
result of or in connection with Licensee's breach of this AGREEMENT, misuse
of the Trademark, Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity or any
other use of the Trademark, Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of
Publicity by Licensee which is not expressly permitted by this AGREEMENT.


3.3 Licensee's Rights and Remedies. Licensor acknowledges and agrees that
Licensee has, shall retain, and may exercise, both during the term of this
AGREEMENT and thereafter, all rights and remedies available to Licensee,
whether derived from this AGREEMENT, from statute, or otherwise, as a
result of or in connection with Licensor's breach of this AGREEMENT.
Licensor acknowledges and agrees that Licensee has the right to exploit the
aforementioned intellectual property rights in connection with the
interactive game "[GAME NAME]” and that Licensor owns the aforementioned
intellectual property rights including Trademark, Service Mark and Right of
Publicity in the name “[PARTY]” licensed herein and grants Licensee the non-
exclusive use of the aforementioned intellectual property rights free of
encumbrances.


3.4 Limitation of Liability, Indemnification. Neither party will be liable
to the other for special, indirect or consequential damages incurred or
suffered by the other arising as a result of or related to the performance
of Developer's Work, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, even if the
other has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages. Licensor
will indemnify and hold Party 2 harmless against any claims incurred by
Party 2 arising out of or in conjunction with Licensor’s breach of this
AGREEMENT and/or any third-party agreement(s), as well as all reasonable
costs, expenses and attorneys' fees incurred therein. Licensee shall not be
liable for an tax liability of Licensor arising out of this AGREEMENT.


                                  Section 4


                            TERM AND TERMINATION


4.1 Term. The term of this AGREEMENT shall be for three (3) years from the
Effective Date, provided, however, that Licensee shall retain the exclusive
option to renew this AGREEMENT with the terms embodied herein for an
additional period of two (2) years. In addition, either party may terminate
this AGREEMENT, if there is a material breach of the terms herein, by
delivering written notice of termination to the other party, and, unless a
later date is specified in such notice, termination shall be effective
sixty (60) days after the date such notice is given.


4.2 Termination for Cause. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.1 of
this AGREEMENT, this AGREEMENT and all rights granted hereby, including but
not limited to Licensee's right to use the Trademark, Service Mark and/or
Licensor’s Right of Publicity shall automatically terminate without notice
from Licensor if (i) Licensee attempts to assign, sub-license, transfer or
otherwise convey, without first obtaining Licensor's written consent, any
of the rights granted to Licensee by or in connection with this AGREEMENT;
(ii) Licensee fails to obtain Licensor's approval of Licensee's use of the
Trademark, Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity if not in
accordance with Section 2 of this AGREEMENT; (iii) Licensee uses the
Trademark, Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity in a manner in
violation of, or otherwise inconsistent with, the restrictions imposed by
or in connection with Section 3 of this AGREEMENT; or (iv) Licensee uses
the Trademark, Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity in a
manner not expressly permitted by this AGREEMENT.


4.3 Effect of Termination. All rights granted by this AGREEMENT, including,
without limitation, Licensee's right to use the Trademark, Service Mark
and/or Licensor’s Right of Publicity shall expire upon termination of this
AGREEMENT, and upon termination Licensee shall immediately cease and desist
from all further use of the Trademark, Service Mark and/or Licensor’s Right
of Publicity.


                                  Section 5


                                MISCELLANEOUS


5.1 Assignment. Licensee shall not assign, sublicense, transfer, or
otherwise convey Licensee's rights or obligations under this AGREEMENT
without Licensor's prior written consent. Licensee shall indemnify and hold
harmless Licensor against all liability, costs, and expenses arising out of
or in connection with claims relating to an attempted assignment,
sublicense, transfer, or other conveyance of Licensee's rights and
obligations.


5.2 Applicable Law. This AGREEMENT shall be interpreted, construed, and
enforced pursuant to, and in accordance with, the laws of the State of New
York, without reference or application of any conflict of laws.


5.3 Entire AGREEMENT. This AGREEMENT supersedes all previous AGREEMENTS,
understandings, and arrangements between the parties, whether oral or
written, and constitutes the entire AGREEMENT between the parties.


5.4 Amendments. This AGREEMENT may not be modified, amended, altered, or
supplemented except by an AGREEMENT in writing executed by the parties
hereto.


5.5 Waivers. The waiver by either party of a breach or other violation of
any provision of this AGREEMENT shall not operate as, or be construed to
be, a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or other provision of
this AGREEMENT.


5.6 Notice. Unless otherwise provided herein, any notice, demand, or
communication required, permitted, or desired to be given hereunder shall
be in writing and shall be delivered by hand, by facsimile, by email or by
registered or prepaid certified mail through the United States postal
service, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 


[PARTY 2] , Inc.


ATTN: General Counsel


[PARTY ADDRESS]


New York, NY


or to such other address, and to the attention of such other persons or
officers as either party may designate by written notice. Any notice so
addressed and mailed shall be deemed duly given five (5) days after deposit
in the United States mail, and if delivered by hand, shall be deemed given
when delivered and if sent by facsimile or email, shall be deemed given on
the first business day immediately following transmittal and
acknowledgement by receiver.


5.7 Counterparts. This AGREEMENT may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original, but all of which together shall
constitute one and the same AGREEMENT.


5.8 Articles and Other Headings. The articles and other headings contained
in this AGREEMENT are for reference purposes only, and shall not affect in
any way the meaning or interpretation of the terms of this AGREEMENT.


5.9 Severability. If any term of this AGREEMENT is found to be
unenforceable or contrary to law, it will be modified to the least extent
necessary to make it enforceable, and the remaining portions of this
AGREEMENT will remain in full force and effect.


                                       


6.0 Force Majeure. Neither party will be held responsible for any delay or
failure in performance of any part of this AGREEMENT to the extent that
such delay is caused by events or circumstances beyond the delayed party's
reasonable control.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this AGREEMENT to be
executed by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first set
forth above.

