

                  TRIM MEDIA LLC SERVICE RETAINER CONTRACT


                              Date: [SEND DATE]


Definitions:


Us/We/Our: Trim Media LLC located at [OUR ADDRESS] reachable at [OUR PHONE
CONTACT] and [OUR EMAIL CONTACTS]


You/Your: [YOUR NAME (ON BEHALF OF YOUR COMPANY NAME)] located at [YOUR
COMPANY OR HOME ADDRESS] reachable at [YOUR PHONE CONTACT] and [YOUR EMAIL
CONTACT - ANY EMAIL(S) YOU WANT TO USE FOR OFFICIAL CORRESPONDENCE]


Client Content: Elements (i.e. text, images, artwork or other assets) You
give us


Deliverable(s): Digital or physicals asset(s) (i.e. designs, code,
photographs, video, etc.) created by or shared by Us under this agreement


Full Hourly Rate: $75 per hour


Summary


We will always do Our best to fulfill Your needs and meet Your
expectations, but it’s important to have things written down so that we
both know what’s what, who should do what when, and what will happen if
something goes wrong. In this contract You won’t find dense legalese or
long passages of unreadable text.


In short: You are contracting Us to provide the Deliverable(s) outlined in
the attached Proposal(s).


Agreement of Both Parties:


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself and Your company. You will provide Us with everything we have
requested from You to complete the Deliverable(s) outlined in the attached
Proposal(s). You will review Our work, and provide feedback and approval in
a timely manner. Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be bound by dates
We set together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out in
the Proposal(s).


Us: We are not employees of Your company. We will complete the
Deliverable(s) outlined in the attached Proposal(s) and will do it all in a
professional manner. We will endeavor to meet every deadline that is set.


Attachments


The cost, timeline, Deliverable(s) and/or client requirements detailed in
the attached Proposal(s) are part of this Contract, and therefore, all
terms agreed here apply to the attached Proposal(s). Additional Proposal(s)
can be added by written agreement of both parties and will also become part
of this Contact. Electronic signatures or email confirmation from one of
Your or Our email addresses specified above constitutes a written
agreement.


Office Hours & Communication


Office hours are [MONDAY THROUGH FRIDAY 8:00 AM TO 5:00PM (PST)]. Email
will likely be the primary form of communication between You and Us, but we
are available for phone calls during office hours unless otherwise
specified via an email notification, voicemail message or phone call from
Us. Calls will be billed by the quarter hour. Scheduled conference calls
that are rescheduled or canceled with less than 3 hours notice will be
charged for one hour.


Timeline


The timeline for each stage of the project begins when all Client Content
and the agreed upon down payment have been received. We then agree to
finish the Deliverable(s) within the agreed upon time frame, as described
in the attached Proposal(s). As the stages progress, You will have
opportunities to review Our work and provide feedback. Due to the creative
nature of Our work, We require a 5 business day grace period on all
delivery dates unless otherwise specified in the attached Proposal(s).


Changes & Revisions


We don’t want to limit Your ability to change Your mind. The price outlined
in the attached proposal is based on the amount of time We estimate We’ll
need to accomplish everything You’ve told Us You want to achieve, but we’re
happy to be flexible. If You change Your mind or add anything new, that
won’t be a problem. We will either agree to an additional Proposal and will
attach or We will charge the Full Hourly Rate for any changes that surpass
the work outlined in the original attached Proposal(s) and invoice that
work separately. You also agree that We are not responsible for late
delivery as a result of repeated changes, or revisions that alter the scope
defined in the attached Proposal(s).


Intellectual Property Rights


First, You guarantee that all Client Content is either owned by You, or
that You have permission to use it. When Your final payment has cleared,
usage rights to the Deliverable(s) will be assigned as follows:


You will have the license to use the final Deliverable(s) that We created
under this Agreement subject only to any restrictions on the use of Your
original Client Content. We will give You the finished source files and You
should keep them somewhere safe as we’re not required to keep a copy.


We will own the unique combination of these elements that constitutes a
complete Deliverable and We’ll license its use to You. Deliverable(s)
cannot be resold or repackaged without Our prior written consent. We retain
the right to use Deliverable(s) in competitions, publications, educational
content, and in promoting Our business through any medium.


Retainer Agreement


Retainers provide ongoing support (as described in the attached
Proposal(s)) at a discounted rate up to the number of hours set forth in
the attached Proposal(s). Retainer fees must be paid in full in advance of
services. Payment is due on or before 1st of each month. If payment is not
received by this date, Full Hourly Rate will apply for any work performed
until payment is received and invoiced separately. Similarly, any work that
exceeds the retained number of hours will be billed at the Full Hourly Rate
and invoiced separately.


Rollover Hours


Any hours You have paid for but haven't used at the end of a payment period
will rollover to the next period. You have 2 pay periods to use rollover
hours before they expire.


Rush Projects


Rush projects (due within 72 hours) or due over a weekend or holiday will
be subject to a 50% surcharge. We reserve the right to refuse any project
or service request not specifically outlined in the attached proposal.


Payments


We will invoice you by email. You agree to pay all invoices within 30 days
of delivery. A late fee of 5% (or the maximum percentage allowed by law)
will be applied to all invoices not paid within 30 days. An additional 5%
of the initially invoiced amount will be added for each additional 30 day
period up to 90 days at which point the invoice will be referred to
collections and you will be responsible for all collection and legal costs
in addition to the invoice amount and late fees.


Expenses


We will bill You for any expenses required for the completion of this
project. Expenses may include, but are not limited to: long distance phone
calls, shipping costs, materials (digital or physical), and mileage (billed
at IRS standard rate). We promise to always provide notice of necessary
expenses.


Cancellation


If, at any stage, you’re not happy with the direction Our work is taking,
You agree to pay Us in full for everything we’ve produced until that point
and cancel this contract.


Liability


We cannot guarantee that Our work will be error-free and so We can’t be
held liable to You or any third party for damages, including lost profits,
lost savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if
you’ve advised Us of them.


Small print


You can’t transfer this contract to anyone else without Our permission.
This contract stays in place and need not be renewed. If any provision of
this contract shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable,
then that provision shall be deemed severable from this contract and shall
not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Changes or additions to this agreement must be made in writing and are only
valid if they are signed by both parties. Again, electronic signatures or
email confirmation from one of Your or Our email addresses specified above
constitutes a written agreement.


Although the language is often simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of United States
courts.


The dotted line


Signed by [OUR REPRESENTATIVE] on behalf of Trim Media LLC


__________________________________


Signed by [YOUR NAME (ON BEHALF OF YOUR COMPANY NAME)]


__________________________________


Date: [SEND DATE]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.

