
                  NON-EXCLUSIVE PLATFORM SERVICES AGREEMENT


Effective Date: [EFFECTIVE DATE]


Rights Holder: [RIGHTS HOLDER NAME]


Business Address: [RIGHTS HOLDER BUSINESS ADDRESS]


Mailing Address: [RIGHTS HOLDER MAILING ADDRESS]


Tel: [RIGHTS HOLDER TELEPHONE] Email: [RIGHTS HOLDER EMAIL]


Signer Name: [SIGNER NAME]


Title: [SIGNER TITLE]


FREE EBOOK FOUNDATION, INC., a New Jersey corporation (Distributor), and
the above described Rights Holder, agree as follows:


1. Parties. The Distributor is the owner and operator of Unglue.It, a
platform for the digital distribution of written materials via the
unglue.it website and any other URLs designated by the Distributor for such
purpose. The Rights Holder is the copyright owner or authorized publisher
of certain published written materials which the Rights Holder wants to
distribute on Unglue.It.


2. Purpose. This Agreement sets forth the rights and obligations of the
parties and applies to all written materials uploaded by the Rights Holder
onto the Unglue.It platform using the Unglue.It web interface
(individually, a Work and collectively, Works). The parties intend to
collaborate in the release of the Works under a Creative Commons License or
such other "free" license as shall then pertain to release of creative
works (CC License). For works not yet released under such a license, the
date that the Rights Holder agrees, as determined by terms of the
applicable Programs, to release a Work under a CC License pursuant to this
Agreement shall be referred to as the Ungluing Date.


3. Term and Termination. The term of this Agreement shall begin on the
Effective Date. Either party may terminate this Agreement at any time upon
thirty (30) days’ notice to the other party. All licenses issued to third
parties during the Term are irrevocable (except in the case of a breach by
the third party licensee) and shall survive termination. In particular, the
Rights Holder must release of the Works pursuant to a CC License on or
before the determined Ungluing Date, even if the Ungluing Date occurs after
the termination of this Agreement.


4. Programs. The Distributor has one or more models for the distribution
and release of Works on Unglue.It, as specified in the Program Terms set
forth in the attached exhibits. Under each Program, the Rights Holder
agrees to release the Work in a digital format under a CC License (Unglue
the Work) pursuant to the applicable Program Terms.


5. Grant of Rights. The Rights Holder hereby authorizes the Distributor as
follows:


(a) to display and market Works on the Platform, and to copy and transmit
Works as may be required in order to fulfill its obligations to Ungluers
and other licensees pursuant to the terms of use set forth on the Unglue.It
website or any applicable licensing agreement or CC License as applicable;


      (b) to use the Rights Holder’s name or trademark in association with
Works or for promotional or editorial purposes in connection with the
Programs;


      (c) to collect revenues on behalf of the Rights Holder from
supporters, purchasers and licensees of Works (Ungluers) using a third
party payment processor selected in the sole discretion of the Distributor;


      (d) to retain, reserve and distribute payments to the Rights Holder
and to the Distributor or otherwise pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, or to any agreement that the Distributor may have with a third
party payment processor (including, but not limited to, a reasonable
reserve against chargebacks or returns for a period of up to six months);


      (e) to convey licenses for the Works to individuals pursuant to the
terms set forth in the Terms of Use set forth on the Unglue.It website (as
amended from time to time in the sole discretion of the Distributor);


      (f) to convey licenses for the Works to libraries and similar non-
profit institutions based on the terms set forth in the then current
version of the Unglue.It Library License Agreement, a copy of which shall
be provided to the Rights Holder upon request; and


      (g) to insert the corresponding license notices into the Works that
reflect the then current Ungluing Date and other applicable license terms.


6. Service Fees. As full compensation for the services provided by the
Distributor in connection with the Programs, the Rights Holder shall pay to
the Distributor, and hereby authorizes the Distributor to withhold from
revenues collected by the Distributor on behalf of the Rights Holder the
fees set forth in the applicable Program Terms.


7. Payments to Rights Holder.


(a) In no event shall payment be made until the Rights Holder has delivered
to the Distributor a digital file for the applicable Work that complies
with the delivery specifications set forth on the then-current Unglue.It
website terms of use.


(b) The Distributor shall pay the Rights Holder the proceeds due and owing
pursuant to the applicable Program Terms no less than quarterly (or more
frequently at the discretion of the Distributor) in arrears, payable on the
fifteenth day of the month following the close of each calendar quarter,
such payment to cover the previous calendar quarter. For example, payments
due in connection with transactions that occur January 1 through March 31
will be paid to the Rights Holder on April 15 of the same year. Each
payment shall be accompanied by a statement detailing sales and licensing
data, revenues received, return data, reserve and Distribution Fees
withheld. Notwithstanding the above, quarterly payments may be deferred
until the following pay period in the event that the amount payable to the
Rights Holder for any given pay period is less than $100.


8. Rights Holder Warrantees and Representations. The Rights Holder warrants
and represents as follows:


      (a) The Rights Holder is the sole owner of the copyright in the each
Work, or has the full power and authority to enter into this Agreement on
behalf of the copyright owners of each Work.


      (b) The signer of this Agreement has full authority to enter into this
Agreement on behalf of this Rights Holder and to bind the Rights Holder by
their signature.


      (c) The Rights Holder has all rights necessary to grant the rights
granted to the Distributor pursuant to this Agreement, including but not
limited to the right to display, market, copy, distribute and transmit the
Works on the Unglue.It website, the right to license the Works to third
party individuals, libraries and institutions as contemplated under this
Agreement, and to release digital copies of the Works under a Creative
Commons license upon the successful completion of a campaign.


      (d) Neither the Rights Holder nor the copyright owner has entered any
agreements with any third party that impact the ability of the Rights
Holder to enter into this Agreement or to comply with its obligations
hereunder, including but not limited to the obligation to release the Work
under a CC License on the Ungluing Date.


      (e) The Rights Holder assumes sole responsibility for the payment of
any royalties or other fees that may be due to third parties in connection
with revenues collected by the Distributor in connection with the Work.


      (f) Each Work is original to the copyright owner or the credited
author and does not infringe on any statutory or common law copyright or
any proprietary right of any third party.


      (g) Each Work does not invade the privacy of any third party, or
contain matter libelous or otherwise in contravention of the rights of any
third person.


      (h) Each Work contains no matter the publication or distribution of
which would otherwise violate any federal or state statute or regulation,
nor is the Work in any manner unlawful, and nothing in the Work shall be
injurious to the health of a reader of the Work.


      (i) There is no threatened or pending litigation or third party claim
that relates to any Work.


      (j) The Rights Holder shall comply with the terms set forth in the
then current Terms of Use set forth on the Unglue.It website pertaining to
the content that may be posted on the Unglue.It site in connection with any
campaign.


      (k) The Rights Holder shall timely pay any sales taxes, withholding or
other taxes relating to revenues processed by the Distributor on behalf of
the Rights Holder.


9. Reliance of the Distributor on the Rights Holder Representations and
Warrantees. Each of the representations and warrantees of the Rights Holder
set forth in this Agreement is true as of the date of this Agreement and
shall remain true during the Term. The Distributor may rely on the truth of
such representations and warrantees in dealing with any third party
including but not limited to Ungluers and licensees. The Distributor is
under no obligation to make an independent investigation to determine
whether the above representations are true and accurate. Upon the
Distributor’s request, the Rights Holder shall provide the Distributor with
copies of any and all prior publishing agreements and rights agreements,
assignments, releases and consents relating to any Work submitted to the
Distributor in connection with a Program. The Distributor may, in its sole
discretion, decline to accept any Work as part of any Program, for any
reason or for no reason.


10. Indemnification. The Rights Holder shall indemnify and hold harmless
the Distributor, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensees and
assigns (Indemnified Parties) from any losses, liabilities, damages, costs
and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) that may arise out of
any claim by the Distributor or any third party relating to the alleged
breach of any of the Rights Holder’s warrantees and representation as set
forth in this Agreement.


11. Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances, including, without
limitation, negligence, shall the Distributor or its directors, affiliates,
officers, employees, or agents be responsible for any indirect, incidental,
special, or consequential damages arising from or in connection with the
use of or the inability to use the Program or the web interface, or any
content contained on the Unglue.It website, including, without limitation,
damages for loss of profits, use, data, or other intangibles.


12. No Joint Venture. This Agreement shall not be deemed to have created an
agency relationship, partnership or joint venture between the parties.


13. Entire Understanding. This Agreement, together with the terms and
conditions contained on the Distributor’s website as updated by the
Distributor from time to time without notice to the Rights Holder,
constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any
previous agreements and understandings had between the parties with respect
to the Works.


14. Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement is governed by and shall be
interpreted and construed according to the laws of the United States with
respect to copyright law and the laws of New York with regard to all other
matters. At the Distributor’s option, any claim arising out of or related
to this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration administered by a neutral
arbitrator selected by the parties. If the Distributor elects to use the
court system as its preferred mode of dispute resolution, then the dispute
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of New York State. Prior to
the commencement of any arbitration or litigation proceeding, the
Distributor may elect to require that the parties’ participate in good
faith effort to resolve the dispute through mediation. The venue for all
dispute resolution proceedings shall be the city and state of New York.


15. Execution. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. Electronic
signatures, faxed or scanned signatures shall be as binding as an original
signature.


AGREED AND ACCEPTED:


FREE EBOOK FOUNDATION, INC.


Eric Hellman, President


[Rights Holder]


[Authorized Signatory]


By:


Print Name: [SIGNER NAME]


Title: [SIGNER TITLE]


Exhibit A: Pledge-to-Unglue Program


1. Description. Under the Pledge-to-Unglue program, the Rights Holder
conducts a pledge campaign to raise a designated level of donated funds to
facilitate the immediate Ungluing of an Uploaded Work. The Ungluing Date
shall be scheduled no later than 90 days after the Campaign Goal has been
met.


2. Campaign Goal Specifications. The Rights Holder will designate, for each
Work:


      (a) the dollar amount for the Campaign Goal;


      (b) the date upon which the campaign will commence;


      (c) the date upon which the campaign will end.


      Once an Unglue.It campaign has been launched, the Campaign Goal cannot
be increased at any time for any reason.


3. Unglue.It Service Fees.


Processing Fee in the amount of the greater of $60 or six percent (6%) of
total gross aggregate contributions received in connection with the
campaign. All Processing Fees shall be payable out of the proceeds of a
successfully completed campaign, and shall be payable in addition to third
party payment processing fees.


Exhibit B: Buy-to-Unglue Program


1. Description. Under the Buy-to-Unglue program, the Rights Holder charges
a License Fee to make copies of a Work available to individuals, libraries
and institutions through Unglue.it and agrees to Unglue the Work once the
Rights Holder’s designated sales target has been met. The Ungluing Date is
determined by the fraction of the Campaign goal that has been met, together
with the Campaign Goal Specifications.


2. Campaign Goal Specifications. The Rights Holder will designate, for each
Work:


      (a) the dollar amount for the Campaign Goal;


      (b) the initial Ungluing Date*;


      (c) the date upon which the campaign will commence;


      (d) the License Fees.


      Once an Unglue.It campaign has been launched, the Campaign Goal cannot
be increased at any time for any reason, and the initial Ungluing Date
cannot be changed. Notwithstanding the above, the License Fees can be
increased or decreased at any time at the sole discretion of the Rights
Holder.


      *In the case of the Buy-to-Unglue program, the Ungluing Date advances
according to the progress towards the Campaign Goal. The mechanism of
advance shall be determined by the website terms of service in effect on
the date of the launch of the campaign.


3. Unglue.It Service Fees


(a) Distribution Fee in the amount of twenty-five percent (25%) of the
gross revenues received by the Distributor from (i) the sale of the Works
through the Program; (ii) the licensing of the Works by the Distributor to
libraries and other third party distributors; and (iii) from any other
sources in connection with the distribution of the Work by the Distributor.


(b) Transaction Fee in the amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) per
transaction.


The Distribution Fee and Transaction Fee shall be deducted from proceeds of
sale and other license fees collected by the Distributor, and paid to the
Distributor prior to the remission of revenues to the Rights Holder. The
Distribution Fee is inclusive of third party processing fees up to a cap of
3% of the gross amount plus 33 cents ($0.33) per transaction.


Exhibit C: Thanks-for-Ungluing Program


1. Description. Under the Thanks-for-Ungluing program, the Rights Holder
immediately releases an Unglued Edition to the licensee, but suggests a
“Thank-You” donation amount. The licensee has the option of paying the
suggested “Thank You” donation, or a greater or lesser amount (may be
zero).


2. Campaign Goal Specifications. The Rights Holder will designate a
suggested “Thank You” donation amount for each Work.


3. Unglue.It Service Fees


      (a) Distribution Fee in the amount of eight percent (8%) of the gross
revenues received by the Distributor from payments made as “Thank You”
donations.


      (b) Transaction Fee in the amount of twenty-five cents ($0.25) per
transaction.


      The Distribution Fee and Transaction Fee shall be deducted from the
donations collected by the Distributor, and paid to the Distributor prior
to the remission of revenues to the Rights Holder. The Distribution Fee is
inclusive of third party payment processing fees up to a cap of 3% of the
gross amount plus 33 cents ($0.33) per transaction.

