
The Initial Term ("IT") is 24 months.


The Early Termination Fee ("ETF") is currently $150 for basic phones,
modems and hotspot devices and $350 for smartphones and tablets.


Notice: Currently the regulatory cost recovery fee is $1.57 per line, per
month.


These are the Terms and Conditions for Service between the customer ("you")
and United States Cellular Corporation on behalf of its operating licensed
affiliates doing business as U.S. Cellular in your Home Market, as defined
below ("U.S. Cellular", "we" or "us"). "Service" refers to the
telecommunication services/programs, including voice and data services, you
purchase from U.S. Cellular. Your "Agreement" includes (1) these Terms and
Conditions, (2) the Service Agreement ("Service Agreement") on which you
applied for Service, (3) the terms and conditions (typically, but not
exclusively, included in the applicable brochure or literature) applicable
to each Service, and (4) if you purchase data services, the applicable
terms posted at www.uscellular.com/termsandconditions.


Eligibility


You are eligible for Service only if you or your employer has a billing
address within U.S. Cellular's licensed market area. If you meet the
eligibility requirement only through your employment address, you may only
be eligible for certain rate plans. All accounts you have with us must be
kept in good standing in order to be eligible for Service. If any account
is not in good standing, all accounts are subject to suspension and/or
termination.


Term/Termination/Early Termination Fee


This Agreement is effective on the day we activate your Service and
continues until terminated in a manner as provided below. You may terminate
Service at any time by notifying U.S. Cellular. Termination by you shall be
effective immediately unless you request a later termination date. A
request to port your number is a request by you to terminate Service
immediately. Your monthly recurring Services and the applicable charges for
those monthly recurring Services shall be prorated to coincide with the
termination date. Depending on the amount of Service that you have used
during the month of termination, such a proration may result in you
incurring overage charges. U.S. Cellular may terminate or suspend your
Service at any time without notice if you fail to perform any obligations
of this Agreement including the restrictions and obligations set forth in
the paragraphs regarding "Use of Service" and "Payment and Due Date."
Additionally, U.S. Cellular may terminate this Agreement at any time
without notice if we cease to provide Service in your Home Market. If the
Agreement is terminated for any reason during the Initial Term ("IT") other
than pursuant to (i) the "Changes to Relationship" paragraph below, (ii)
any applicable U.S. Cellular guaranty period or (iii) U.S. Cellular ceasing
to provide Service in your Home Market, you may be assessed an Early
Termination Fee ("ETF"). The duration of the IT and initial value of the
ETF are defined in your Service Agreement. Each line of Service shall be
subject to a separate ETF. The ETF shall be prorated over the IT of the
Agreement using a straight-line calculation. By way of examples, an ETF of
$350.00 for a 2 year IT will be reduced by $14.58 each month until the ETF
reaches $0, and ETF of $150.00 for a 2 year IT shall be reduced by $6.25
each month until the ETF reaches $0. Upon termination for any reason, you
are responsible for the payment of all charges. If your Service is
reinstated, you may be charged a reactivation fee.


Use of Service


At least 50% of your monthly voice usage for each device on your account
must be used in U.S. Cellular's licensed markets. No more than 200 MB of
your data usage in any month for each device on your account may be used in
U.S. Cellular's non-licensed markets. The customer address, or business
address for business accounts (not the billing address if different), will
be deemed to be the primary place of use of Service for all devices on this
account for purposes of calculating certain taxes, surcharges and fees. You
agree to inform us of any changes in your customer address, or business
address for business accounts, which must always be within U. S Cellular's
licensed markets. Service is furnished for your use only; you may not
resell Service to third parties. You may not use the Service for any
unlawful, improper, harassing or abusive purpose or in such a way that
interferes with U.S. Cellular's network, business operations, employees or
customers. U.S. Cellular may, in its sole discretion, block access to
certain categories of numbers (e.g., 976, 900 and international
designations). We may periodically, without notice, remotely change or
update your wireless devices software, applications or programming. This
process may affect or erase any data you have stored on the device or any
personalized settings.


Payment and Due Date


You are responsible for payment of all charges on your bill, including but
not limited to telecommunications-related charges (such as monthly access,
airtime, roaming, toll, long distance, directory assistance, application
charges and data network usage); charges for other discretionary goods and
services offered by U.S. Cellular or third parties for which we bill (such
as ringtones, graphics, games, premium messaging services and other on-line
content); regulatory cost recovery charges (such as Universal Service Fund,
Enhanced 911 and Wireless Number Portability); surcharges; and taxes.
Regulatory cost recovery fees, surcharges, and taxes are subject to change
without notice. Payments are late if not received by U.S. Cellular by the
due date shown on the monthly bill. We may charge a late fee of up to $5.00
for each late payment or 1.5% a month or part thereof (18% annually or the
highest rate permitted by applicable state law) for any amount not paid
when due, whichever is greater. We may charge you a returned check fee for
a check returned for any reason. We may charge a processing fee of up to
$5.00 on any credit balance due upon termination of Service for any reason.
You agree to reimburse U.S. Cellular for its costs, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, collection fees and similar expenses incurred by U.S.
Cellular with respect to collection of payment (except where prohibited by
law).


Coverage


You understand that Service may be interrupted or unavailable due to
atmospheric or topographical conditions, governmental regulations or
orders, or system capacity limitations. Representations of coverage by U.S.
Cellular or its agents are not guarantees.


Lost or Stolen Phones


You are responsible for all authorized charges on your phone. If you claim
unauthorized charges on account of a lost or stolen phone, you must report
your phone as lost or stolen immediately so that we may investigate your
claim. We will investigate any claims of unauthorized charges within 30
days. You agree to cooperate with our investigation and to submit any
relevant documentation that you have such as a police report or a sworn
statement. You will not be required to pay any disputed charges while we
investigate. If we determine that the charges are unauthorized, we will
credit your account.


Deposits


U.S. Cellular may require a deposit from you to guarantee payment of
charges for Service and from time-to-time may increase the deposit based on
your usage and payment history. Deposits will only be returned to you after
a minimum of 12 consecutive months of satisfactory payment history. U.S.
Cellular may apply deposits or payments to any charges you owe us on any
account. Interest will not be paid on deposits unless required by law.


Billing Practice


Your monthly Service fee will be billed in advance and your usage charges
not covered by your monthly Service fee will be billed in arrears. Each
partial minute of airtime will be rounded up and billed as a full minute.
You may be charged for calls that are not completed but ring longer than 59
seconds. For completed calls, you will be billed from the time you push the
"send" button until you terminate your call by pushing the "end" button on
your phone. "Application charges" include the non-recurring and/or monthly
subscription fees incurred when you purchase data applications from us or
third parties for which we bill. "Data network usage charges" are the
charges for transferring data (i.e., downloading applications, accessing
the Internet, etc.) rendered in units of kilobytes or megabytes. Each
partial kilobyte of data transferred will be rounded up and billed as a
full kilobyte. Text, Picture and Video Messaging are billed per
address/recipient. You may add or remove a block on your account for third
party services such as premium messaging services at no additional charge
by contacting Customer Service.


YOU MAY SEEK A CREDIT OR REFUND FOR ERRORS IN BILLING FOR UP TO 180 DAYS
(OR AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY CA LAW FOR CA CUSTOMERS) AFTER ISSUANCE TO YOU
OF THE BILL ON WHICH THE ERROR IS CONTAINED BY CONTACTING U.S. CELLULAR AS
PROVIDED ON YOUR BILL. YOU WILL HAVE WAIVED YOUR RIGHT TO DISPUTE THE BILL
AND TO BRING, OR PARTICIPATE IN, ANY LEGAL ACTION RAISING SUCH DISPUTE IF
YOU FAIL TO DISPUTE THE CHARGE ON YOUR BILL WITHIN 180 DAYS (OR AS
OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY CA LAW FOR CA CUSTOMERS) AFTER THE ISSUANCE OF THE
BILL. WE MAY ALSO BACK BILL YOU FOR ANY ERROR THAT RESULTS IN AN
UNDERBILLING TO YOU WITHIN 180 DAYS OF THE ISSUANCE OF THE BILL THAT SHOULD
HAVE REFLECTED THE UNDERBILLED CHARGE.


Billing Out of Area Calls


Billing for some calls made/received by you outside of the home U.S.
Cellular switch to which your account is assigned at the time your service
is established ("Home Market") may occur after the close of your regular
billing cycle. Typically this occurs when you make/receive calls late in
your billing cycle outside your Home Market such as when you are roaming on
another carrier's network or are making/receiving calls on a U.S. Cellular
network other than your Home Market. When this occurs, the minutes used,
and associated charges, will be applied against your monthly calling plan
in the month that the usage appears on your bill rather than the month the
calls actually occurred.


Changes to Relationship


We may amend the Agreement at any time by providing notice to you. If we
make Material Changes to the Agreement that you do not agree with, you may
cancel your Agreement without incurring an ETF by notifying us within 30
days after notice to you of the change. "Material Changes" shall be only
those changes that result in an increase to the rates that we charge you
for services under your Price Plan as specified in your Service Agreement.
Changes to charges permitted to be collected by any governmental authority
(such as for the Universal Service Fund) or which pass through the expense
of taxes imposed on the Service or which relate to other Services for which
you are under no term commitment as well as other non-monetary changes to
the Terms and Conditions shall not constitute Material Changes to this
Agreement. If you use the Service after the 30-day period, you agree to be
bound by any Material Changes.


Privacy/Acceptable Use/Copyright


U.S. Cellular strives to protect the privacy and intellectual property
rights of our customers. We may collect, process and share personal
information about you or your account consistent with our privacy policy,
available at

www.uscellular.com

, without further specific notice to you. You can also view U.S. Cellular's
acceptable use and copyright policies at

www.uscellular.com

.


Credit Information


You authorize consumer reporting agencies to periodically furnish U.S.
Cellular with your consumer report. You authorize U.S. Cellular to
periodically disclose your account information and payment history to
consumer reporting agencies.


Limits of Liability


U.S. CELLULAR'S LIABILITY REGARDING YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT,
OR THE FAILURE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT, IS LIMITED
TO THE CHARGES YOU INCUR FOR SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT DURING THE AFFECTED
PERIOD. THIS MEANS U.S. CELLULAR IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (SUCH AS LOST PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES), PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR ATTORNEYS' FEES.


Disclaimer of Warranties


U.S. CELLULAR MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE SERVICES, EQUIPMENT AND
SOFTWARE AND DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED
BY STATE LAW. U.S. CELLULAR IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND ITS
CONTROL, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF OTHERS,
ATMOSPHERIC CONDITIONS, OR ACTS OF GOD. U.S. CELLULAR DOES NOT MANUFACTURE
EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE, AND YOUR ONLY WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS WITH
RESPECT TO EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE ARE THOSE PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER
UNLESS AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE STATE LAW IMPOSES WARRANTY
OBLIGATIONS ON U.S. CELLULAR.


Assignment


U.S. Cellular may assign this Agreement without notice to you. You may
assign this Agreement only with U.S. Cellular's consent.


Entire Agreement


This Agreement is the entire agreement between you and U.S. Cellular. This
Agreement supersedes any inconsistent or additional promises made to you by
any employee or agent of U.S. Cellular.


ARBITRATION


ANY CONTROVERSY OR CLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL
BE RESOLVED BY BINDING ARBITRATION AT THE REQUEST OF EITHER PARTY PURSUANT
TO THE WIRELESS INDUSTRY ARBITRATION RULES AS MODIFIED BY THIS AGREEMENT
AND AS ADMINISTERED BY THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION ("AAA"). WE
SHALL BE FULLY RESPONSIBLE FOR FILING, ADMINISTRATION AND ARBITRATOR FEES
AND WE WILL ADVANCE, OR REIMBURSE YOU FOR, ANY REASONABLE FILING,
ADMINISTRATION AND ARBITRATOR FEES FOR ANY ARBITRATION INITIATED IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PARAGRAPH. WE WILL REIMBURSE YOU FOR YOUR REASONABLE
ATTORNEYS' FEES AND COSTS IF THE ARBITRATOR AWARDS YOU AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO
OR GREATER THAN THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE DEMANDED IN SUCH ARBITRATION. THE AAA
SHALL ADMINISTER THE ARBITRATION AND JUDGMENT ON THE AWARD RENDERED BY THE
ARBITRATOR MAY BE ENTERED IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION. BOTH PARTIES
ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS A TRANSACTION INVOLVING INTERSTATE
COMMERCE, AND IS THEREFORE GOVERNED BY THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT. BY
AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, BOTH PARTIES ARE WAIVING THEIR RIGHT TO LITIGATE
IN COURT INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. UNLESS YOU AND WE OTHERWISE
MUTUALLY AGREE, ALL HEARINGS UNDER SUCH ARBITRATION SHALL TAKE PLACE IN THE
COUNTY OF YOUR BILLING ADDRESS. AT YOUR OPTION, YOU MAY BRING AN ACTION
AGAINST US IN SMALL CLAIMS COURT, NOTWITHSTANDING THIS AGREEMENT. THE
PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL CLAIMS, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR IN SMALL CLAIMS
COURT, SHALL BE TREATED INDIVIDUALLY AND THERE SHALL BE NO CONSOLIDATION OF
CLAIMS, CLASS ACTIONS, REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL
ACTIONS. U.S. CELLULAR EXPRESSLY REJECTS AND DOES NOT CONSENT TO ANY
CONSOLIDATION OF CLAIMS OR CLASS ACTION IN THE ARBITRATION. THIS
ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SURVIVES THE TERMINATION OF THIS SERVICE AGREEMENT.
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ON COMMENCING ARBITRATION AND HOW THE
ARBITRATION PROCESS WORKS, YOU MAY CALL THE AAA AT 800-778-7879 OR VISIT
THEIR WEBSITE AT WWW.ADR.ORG.


Directory Information


U.S. Cellular does not publish directories of our customers' phone numbers
nor do we provide our customers' phone numbers to third parties for
publication in directories.


No Waiver; Severability


U.S. Cellular's failure to enforce any right or remedy available under this
Agreement is not a waiver. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will remain in force.


Errors


We reserve the right to correct any errors or omissions in the Agreement.

