

VENUE RENTAL AGREEMENT


[VENUE'S NAME] (hereafter referred to as [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME]), and
[YOUR COMPANY NAME] hereby agree to the following terms for the rental of
the [VENUE'S NAME] and [VENUE'S ADDRESS]:


1. [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME] agrees to provide its theater with seats,
light and sound systems, backstage area, dressing rooms, lobby, restrooms,
and parking lot for the duration of this rental, exact dates as specified
in #4.


2. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] is responsible for staffing the front of house, box
office, security, parking attendants, light and sound operators, set,
costumes, equity waivers and rights to the material being presented.


3. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to pay [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME] a total
rental fee in the amount of [DOLLAR AMOUNT] for [NUMBER OF PERFORMANCES]
and [NUMBER OF REHEARSALS/PREVIEWS/LOADINGS]. The rental fee payment
schedule is as follows: [DOLLAR AMOUNT_1] due by [DATE_1], [DOLLAR
AMOUNT_2] due by [DATE_2], and [DOLLAR AMOUNT_3] due by [DATE_3].


4. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] will have use of the aforementioned spaces during
the following rental times :


[LIST OF DATES AND TIMES AND TYPE OF USE OF RENTAL] (ie. performance,
rehearsal, loading)


5. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to provide a certificate for one million
dollars worth of liability insurance to cover any injury, loss or damages
caused by the negligence of [YOUR COMPANY NAME] for the duration of the
rental agreement. This certificate must list as additional insured:
[VENUE'S NAME] and [VENUE'S ADDRESS], and must be secured prior to the
start date of the rental agreement.


6. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] will be given one set of keys to the building at
[VENUE'S ADDRESS] and is responsible for the return of the keys to
[ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME] upon completion of the load-out. Loss of or
failure to return the keys will result in a replacement fee of [DOLLAR
AMOUNT_REPLACEMENT].


7. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to lock and secure the facilities at [VENUE'S
ADDRESS] as instructed [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME] at all times during the
period covered in this rental agreement. Members of [YOUR COMPANY NAME] are
not to use any of the building's spaces other than those specified in this
agreement.


8. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to at all times keep all areas of the first
floor of the building clean and the passageways clear and accessible to
persons with wheelchairs. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to properly dispose of
all food, trash and garbage at the close of each night. Restrooms will be
cleaned and re-stocked at regular intervals by [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME].


9. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to at no time exceed the [NUMBER OF PERSONS]
occupancy limit which is designated by the fire code. [YOUR COMPANY NAME]
is responsible for any fines imposed by the Fire Marshall for exceeding
this limit during their production.


10. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] has permission to load-in on [DATE_LOAD_IN]; and
their load-out is to be completed on [DATE_LOAD_OUT]. As part of the
strike, [YOUR COMPANY NAME] agrees to remove and properly dispose of all
sets and materials brought into the facilities at VENUE'S ADDRESS, unless
they receive specific permission from [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME] to leave
certain materials behind.


11. [YOUR COMPANY NAME] may place posters and information tables in the
building's lobby, and place their own sandwich board with publicity
information on the sidewalk in front of [VENUE ADDRESS] during the hours of
rental by [YOUR COMPANY NAME].


These terms are hereby agreed to by [ABBREVIATED VENUE'S NAME] and [YOUR
COMPANY NAME]:


[VENUE CONTACT]


[SIGNING DATE_1]


[VENUE'S COMPANY NAME]


[VENUE'S ADDRESS]


[VENUE'S TELEPHONE NUMBER]


[ARTISTIC DIRECTOR]


[SIGNING DATE_2]


[YOUR COMPANY NAME]


[YOUR ADDRESS]


[YOUR TELEPHONE NUMBER]

