

Service Level Standard 1 – Circuit Installation


Installation Scope. Verizon's Circuit Installation Service Level Standard
is to have installation of a Verizon-ordered telephone company circuit and
activation of a Verizon port completed within forty (40) business days for
T1 services, sixty (60) business days for T3 services, and within the
scheduled installation date provided in writing by a Verizon Sales Manager
for OC-3, OC-12, OC-48, FE Port Only, and Internet Dedicated Ethernet (and
GigE) services.


Installation Process. The installation date shall be counted from the date
Verizon has received all of the following from Customer: signed contract
(e.g., Service Agreement or Amendment), completed Customer Information
Form, and (if requested by Verizon) completed credit application. The
Circuit Installation Service Level Standard is not available for Customer-
ordered telephone company circuits, Verizon-ordered telephone company
circuits outside the contiguous U.S., or if installation delay is
attributable to Customer equipment, Customer's facility, acts or omissions
of Customer, its employees or agents, Customer not passing Verizon's credit
check, or reasons of Force Majeure (see below if not defined in the
applicable service agreement).


Installation Remedy. To claim a credit, Customer must request it by calling
the Billing Inquiry/Trouble telephone number on its invoice. At the time of
the call, Customer must provide the company name, account number, circuit
ID, name of the service (Internet Dedicated), contact name and number, e-
mail address, Service Level Standard installation date, and the actual
installation date in order to process the request. If Verizon determines in
its reasonable commercial judgment that it has not met a Circuit
Installation Service Level Standard, then at Customer's request, Customer's
invoice will be credited an amount equal to 50% of Verizon's billed
installation charge, to include any applicable Internet Port/service
installation charges and Verizon-ordered and -billed access installation
charges for the Internet Dedicated Service for which the Circuit
Installation Service Level Standard was not met.


Service Level Standard 2 - Availability


Service Availability Scope. Verizon's Service Availability Service Level
Standard provides that the Verizon Network (as defined in the applicable
service agreement) will be available 100% of the time.


Service Availability Process. At Customer's request, Verizon will calculate
Customer's "Network Unavailability" during a calendar month. "Network
Unavailability" consists of the number of minutes that the Verizon Network
or a Verizon-ordered access circuit in the contiguous U.S. was not
available to Customer, and includes unavailability associated with any
maintenance at the Verizon data center where Customer's circuit is
connected or Customer's server is located other than Scheduled Maintenance
(defined below). Outages will be counted as Network Unavailability only if
Customer opens a trouble ticket with Verizon Customer support within four
(4) hours from learning of the outage. Network Unavailability will not
include Scheduled Maintenance, or any unavailability resulting from (a) any
Customer-ordered telephone company circuits or equipment, (b) Customer's
applications or equipment, (c) acts or omissions of Customer or user of the
Internet Dedicated Service authorized by Customer or (d) Force Majeure (see
below if not defined in the applicable service agreement). If Verizon fails
to meet this Service Level Standard during any given calendar month in
accordance with the above, Customer's account will be credited at
Customer's request.


Service Availability Remedy. To receive credit for a failure to meet a
Service Level Standard, Customer must request such credit within 30 days
from the date that the Internet Dedicated Service was unavailable. For each
cumulative hour of Network Unavailability or fraction thereof in any
calendar month, at Customer's request, Customer's account shall be credited
for the pro-rated charges for one day of the Verizon I monthly recurring
charge plus one day of the telephone company line charges for the Service
with respect to which a Service Availability Service Level Standard was not
met.


Service Level Standard 3 – Latency


Latency Scope. Verizon's U.S. Latency Service Level Standard provides for
average round-trip transmissions of 45 milliseconds or less between Verizon-
designated inter-regional transit backbone routers ("Hub Routers") in the
contiguous U.S. Verizon's Transatlantic Latency Service Level Standard
provides for average round-trip transmissions of 90 milliseconds or less
between a Verizon Hub Router in the New York metropolitan area and a
Verizon Hub Router in the London metropolitan area. Latency is calculated
by averaging sample measurements taken during a calendar month between Hub
Routers. Network performance statistics relating to the U.S. Latency
Guarantee and the Transatlantic Latency Guarantee are posted at the
following location: http://www.verizonbusiness.com/about/network/latency.


Latency Remedy. If Verizon fails to meet the Latency Service Level Standard
in a calendar month, Customer's account shall be automatically credited for
that month. The credit will equal the pro-rated charges for one day of the
Verizon monthly recurring charge for the Internet Dedicated Service with
respect to which the Service Level Standard has not been met. Credits will
not be issued if failure to meet either the U. S. Latency Service Level
Standard or the Transatlantic Latency Service Level Standard is
attributable to reasons of Force Majeure (see below if not defined in the
applicable service agreement).


Service Level Standard 4 - Network Packet Delivery


Network Packet Delivery Scope. Verizon offers both a North American and
Transatlantic Network Packet Delivery Service Level Standard. Verizon's
North American Network Packet Delivery Service Level Standard provides for
a monthly packet delivery of 99.5% or greater between Verizon-designated
Hub Routers in North America. The Transatlantic Network Packet Delivery
Service Level Standard provides for a monthly packet delivery of 99.5% or
greater between a Verizon-designated Hub Router in the New York City
metropolitan area and a Verizon-designated Hub Router in the London U.K.
metropolitan area.


Network Packet Delivery Process. Packet delivery is calculated based on the
average of regular periodic measurements taken during a calendar month
between Hub Routers. Network Performance statistics relating to the Network
Packet Delivery Service Level Standard will be posted at the following
location: http://www.verizonbusiness.com/about/network/latency. No credits
will be issued if failure to meet a Network Packet Delivery Service Level
Standard is attributable to reasons of Force Majeure (see below if not
defined in the applicable service agreement).


Network Packet Delivery Remedy. If Verizon fails to meet any Network Packet
Delivery Service Level Standard in a calendar month, Customer's account
will be automatically credited for that month. Such credit will equal the
pro-rated charges for one day of the Verizon monthly recurring charge for
the Internet Dedicated Service with respect to which a Network Packet
Delivery Service Level Standard has not been met.


Service Level Standard 5 - Denial of Service Service Level Standard


Denial of Service Scope. Verizon will respond to Denial of Service attacks
reported by Customer within 15 minutes of Customer opening a complete
trouble ticket with the Verizon Business Customer Center. Verizon defines a
Denial of Service attack as more than 95% bandwidth utilization. This
Service Level Standard is only available in the United States.


Denial of Service Process. To open a trouble ticket for Denial of Service,
Customer must call Verizon at 1-800-900-0241 and state: "I am under a
Denial of Service Attack." A complete trouble ticket consists of Customer's
Name, Account Number, Caller Name, Caller Phone Number, Caller E-mail
Address and Possible Destination IP address/Type of Attack. Verizon will
use trouble tickets and other appropriate Verizon records to determine, in
its sole judgment, whether a Service Level Standard has been met. Customer
must notify Verizon no later than 30 days after the Denial of Service
attack(s) occurred.


Denial of Service Remedy. If Verizon fails to meet the Denial of Service
Service Level Standard, Customer's account will be credited, at Customer's
request, the pro-rated charges for one day of the Verizon monthly recurring
charges for the affected Internet Dedicated Service. Customer may obtain no
more than one credit per day, regardless of the number of times a Denial of
Service Service Level Standard has not been met during the day.


Service Level Standard 6 - Reporting Service Level Standard


Verizon provides two types of reporting Service Level Standards – a Network
Outage Notification Service Level Standard and a Scheduled Maintenance
Notification Service Level Standard. Verizon's Network Outage Service Level
Standard provides Customer notification within 15 minutes after it is
determined that Internet Dedicated Service is unavailable. Verizon's
standard procedure is to ping Customer's router every five minutes. If the
router does not respond after two consecutive five-minute ping cycles,
Verizon will deem the Internet Dedicated Service unavailable and the
Customer's point of contact will be notified by e-mail, phone or pager, as
elected by Verizon.


Scheduled Maintenance. Scheduled Maintenance means any maintenance at the
Verizon hub to which Customer's circuit is connected (a) of which Customer
is notified seven calendar days in advance, and (b) that is performed at
the Verizon hub to which Customer's circuit is connected. Notice of
Scheduled Maintenance will be provided to Customer's designated point of
contact by e-mail or pager, as elected by Verizon. Upon receiving such
notice, Customer may request to have such maintenance postponed to a later
date if agreed to by Verizon.


Force Majeure. Any delay in or failure of performance by Verizon will not
be considered a breach of this Service Level Standard if and to the extent
caused by events beyond its reasonable control, including, but not limited
to, acts of God, embargoes, governmental restrictions, strikes, lockouts,
work stoppages or other labor difficulties, riots, insurrection, wars, or
other military action, acts of terrorism, civil disorders, rebellion,
fires, floods, vandalism, or sabotage (“Force Majeure”). Verizon's
obligations hereunder will be suspended to the extent caused by Force
Majeure so long as the Force Majeure continues.


Service Level Standard 7 - Network Jitter Service Level Standard (currently
applicable only in U.S.)


U.S Network Jitter Scope. Also known as delay variation, Jitter is defined
as the variation or difference in the end-to-end delay between received
packets of an IP or packet stream. Jitter is usually caused by
imperfections in hardware or software optimization and varying traffic
conditions and loading. Excessive delay variation in packet streams usually
results in additional packet loss, which affects quality. Verizon’s North
American Network jitter performance will not exceed 1 milliseconds between
Verizon-designated inter-regional transit backbone network routers Hub
Routers in the contiguous U.S.


Network Jitter Process. Jitter shall be measured by averaging sample
measurements taken during a calendar month between Hub Routers. Each
month's Network performance statistics relating to the Network Jitter
Service Level Standards shall be posted at
http://www.verizonbusiness.com/about/network/latency. No credits will be
made if failure to meet a Network Jitter Service Level Standard is
attributable to reasons of Force Majeure (as defined in the applicable
service agreement).


Network Jitter Service Level Standard Remedy. If Verizon fails to meet
Jitter Service Level Standard in a calendar month; Customer's account shall
be automatically credited for that month for the pro-rated charges for one
day of the Verizon Monthly Fee for the service with respect to which Jitter
Service Level Standard has not been met.


Service Level Standard 8 - Mean Opinion Score ("MOS") Service Level
Standard (currently applicable only on the U.S. Mainland)


MOS Scope. Mean Opinion Score is a measure (score) of the audio fidelity,
or clarity, of a voice call. It is a statistical measurement that predicts
how the average user would perceive the clarity of each call. The Verizon
Internet Dedicated MOS Service Level Standard provides that Verizon's U.S.
Mainland Network MOS performance not be less than 4.0 between Verizon-
designated inter-regional transit backbone network routers ("Hub Routers")
in the contiguous United States. MOS is calculated using the standards
based E-model (ITU-T G.107).


MOS Process. Credits will not be issued if failure to meet the MOS Service
Level Standard is attributable to reasons of Force Majeure (as defined in
Service Level Standard.6 above, if not defined in the applicable service
agreement.)

MOS Service Level Standards shall be posted at
http://www.verizonbusiness.com/about/network/latency.


MOS Remedy. To receive a credit, Customer must submit a request within 30
business days after Service Level Standard results for the preceding month
have been posted and which indicate that the MOS Service Level Standard has
not been met. Customer’s account will be credited a pro-rated amount of the
monthly recurring charges equivalent to one day’s Internet Dedicated
Service plus one day of the access line charges for the Internet Dedicated
Service.


Service Level Standard 9 – Time to Repair ("TTR") Service Level Standard


TTR Service Level Standard Scope. Calculation of Customer’s TTR Service
Level will be based on the time taken to restore service to a circuit
following an event that results in the outage of a circuit. The TTR Service
Level Standard for Internet Dedicated Services is 4 hours. The TTR time
starts when a trouble ticket is opened by Verizon or the Customer after the
outage of a circuit other than for outages associated with the exceptions
stated below, and concludes with the restoration of the affected circuit.
TTR Service Level Standard applies to the Local Access line and the WAN
infrastructure port.


TTR Service Level Standard Process. Outages will be counted only if
Customer opens a trouble ticket with Verizon Customer support within (30)
days of the outage. Calculation of the TTR Service Level Standard does not
count as a covered outage any outage resulting from (a) scheduled
Maintenance; (b) any Customer-ordered telephone company circuits or
equipment; (c) Customer's applications or equipment; (d) acts or omissions
of Customer, non-Verizon affiliated third parties or user of the circuit
authorized by Customer; or (e) Force Majeure (as defined below if not
defined in the applicable service agreement). If Verizon does not meet the
TTR Service Level Standard during any calendar month Customer's account
will be credited at Customer's request.


TTR Service Level Standard Remedy. To receive a credit, Customer must
submit its request within 30 days after the month in which the TTR Service
Level Standard was not met. Such credit will equal the pro-rated charges
for one day of the Verizon Monthly Fee for the affected Service with
respect to the calendar month the TTR Service Level Standard has not been
met. The TTR Service Level Standard Remedy is not available to Customer if
Customer has requested a credit under the Service Availability Standard.

