
Vimeo, LLC respects the privacy of our users and has developed this Privacy
Policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your privacy. These
privacy policies (the "Privacy Policy") are intended to describe for you,
as an individual who is a user of www.vimeo.com or our services, the
information we collect, how that information may be used, with whom it may
be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures.


We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using our
website or services or transacting business with us. By using our website,
you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Vimeo,
LLC is a part of the IAC family of businesses (www.iac.com), which includes
Ask.com, Zwinky.com, Girlsense.com, Citysearch, Evite, Match.com,
ServiceMagic, Gifts.com, Pronto, Shoebuy, College Humor, and many others.


If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the
end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.


Information We Collect About You


In General. We may collect personal information that can identify you, such
as your name and email address, and other information that does not
identify you. When you provide personal information through our website,
the information may be sent to servers located in the United States and
other countries around the world.


Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information. We use
various technologies to collect information from your computer and about
your activities on our site. For more information on Cookies, please see
our Cookie Policy.


How We Use the Information We Collect


In General. We may use information that we collect about you to:


Financial information. We may use financial information or payment method
to process payment for any purchases, subscriptions or sales made on our
website, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions,
and otherwise as needed to manage our business.


Please review "Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information"
below.


With Whom We Share Your Information


We want you to understand when and with whom we may share personal or other
information we have collected about you or your activities on our website
or while using our services.


Personal information. We do not share your personal information with others
except as indicated below or when we inform you and give you an opportunity
to opt out of having your personal information shared. We may share
personal information with:


Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have
their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose
personal information. Those policies will govern use, handling and
disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those
third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. If you want to learn
more about their privacy practices, we encourage you to visit the websites
of those third parties. These entities or their servers may be located
either inside or outside the United States.


Aggregated and non-personal information. We may share aggregated and non-
personal information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We
may also share it with third parties and our IAC sister companies to
develop and deliver targeted advertising on our websites and on websites of
third parties. We may combine non-personal information we collect with
additional non-personal information collected from other sources. We also
may share aggregated information with third parties, including advisors,
advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business
analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors
to our website and the most popular features or services accessed. This
information does not contain any personal information and may be used to
develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will
find of interest and to target content and advertising.


Third-Party Websites


There are a number of places on our website or through our services where
you may click on a link to access other websites that do not operate under
this Privacy Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement or a
search result on our website, you may be taken to a website that we do not
control. These third-party websites may independently solicit and collect
information, including personal information, from you and, in some
instances, provide us with information about your activities on those
websites. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-
party websites you visit by clicking on the "privacy" link typically
located at the bottom of the webpage you are visiting.


How You Can Access Your Information


If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to review and
update your personal information online by logging into your account. You
can also review and update your personal information by contacting us. More
information about how to contact us is provided below.


If you have an online account with us, you also may choose to close your
account at any time by going to the "Me" menu, selecting "Settings," then
clicking "Delete My Account," contacting customer support at:
support@vimeo.com. After you close your account, you will not be able to
sign in to our website or access any of your personal information. However,
you can open a new account at any time. If you close your account, we may
still retain certain information associated with your account for
analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent
fraud, collect any fees owed, enforce our terms and conditions, take
actions we deem necessary to protect the integrity of our website or our
users, or take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In addition, if
certain information has already been provided to third parties as described
in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to
those third parties’ policies.


Your Choices About Collection and Use of Your Information


How We Protect Your Personal Information


We take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and
procedural measures) to help safeguard your personal information from
unauthorized access and disclosure. For example, only authorized employees
are permitted to access personal information, and they may do so only for
permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption in the
transmission of your sensitive personal information between your system and
ours, and we use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized persons from
gaining access to your personal information.


We want you to feel confident using our website to transact business.
However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take
steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not
expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications
will always remain secure. Users should also take care with how they handle
and disclose their personal information and should avoid sending personal
information through insecure email. Please refer to the Federal Trade
Commission’s website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for
information about how to protect yourself against identity theft.


User Submissions


We may provide areas on our websites where you can post information about
yourself and others and communicate with others; upload content (e.g.
pictures, videos, audio files, etc.); and post comments or reviews of
content found on the Website. Such postings are governed by our Terms and
Conditions of Use. In addition, such postings may appear on other websites
or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also,
whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly-viewable
web pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected
and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may
receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or
what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we
encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your
personal information. Once you have posted information, you may not be able
to edit or delete such information.


Children’s Privacy


Our website is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under the age of 13.


Visiting Our Websites from Outside the United States


This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on or
via our website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting
our website from outside the United States, please be aware that your
information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United
States where our servers are located and our central database is operated.
The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries
might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured
that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is
protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may
be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share
it as described in this privacy policy.


No Rights of Third Parties


This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or
require disclosure of any personal information relating to users of the
website.


Changes to This Privacy Policy


We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our
practices and services. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we
will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If
we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your
personal information, we will notify you by sending an email to the email
address you most recently provided us in your account, profile or
registration (unless we do not have such an email address), and/or by
prominently posting notice of the changes on our website. We recommend that
you check our website from time to time to inform yourself of any changes
in this Privacy Policy or any of our other policies.


How to Contact Us


If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-
handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our
disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes, please contact us by email or postal mail as follows:


Vimeo, LLC


555 West 18th Street


New York, New York 10011


©2013 Vimeo, LLC. All rights reserved.

