
Temple Pate is designed to serve the hosting needs of small, independently
owned and operated businesses in a single country. It is not appropriate to
use our services to support large enterprises or internationally based
businesses with a sustained demand that places undue burden on our systems
or negatively impacts use by small, independently owned and operated
businesses.


Temple Pate is a Open Source shared hosting service, which means that a
number of customers sites and other email or storage services are hosted
from the same server. Temple Pate uses abuse controls to help ensure that
use of our services does not adversely affect the performance of our system
or other customers sites. It is not appropriate to use an account primarily
as an online storage space or for archiving electronic files. All products
they offer will be free for use, and free to share. If there are any
questions, you may contact them using the contact information provided.


You agree to allow Temple Pate to control, access, and edit any information
on the Server as ROOT. You agree to allow him to control it singularly and
plurally via other hosting providers and / or people to manage it. You also
agree you will not be paying for this server, or any of it's programs, and
all expenses, if any are present, will be donation based for the hosting of
the server. You agree that you will have limited access to the server, and
if you were to request ROOT access, it will be at Temple Pates discretion.


You understand and agree that your size and control of the server will be
based on Temple Pate's understanding and view of your size of company /
organization. You grant him the right to choose and control the size and in
most cases control every aspect of the server and applications you are
running.


You also agree to keep relevant and up-to-date contact information with
Temple Pate, in case of emergency, or otherwise needed situation.


You also authorize and understand Temple Pate will be able to end the
server at any time. As well as change any persons ability over an
application and / or server as he sees fit.


Voice Servers:


If you use a voice service, you will be restricted by the owners rules and
obligations. These rules may or may not change at any time, in which case
you will be notified a week in advance, and upon exact time the new
regulations will be in place. You are subjected to bandwidth caps (See
Below)


Disk space:
If you use your services consistently with the Terms of Service and these
paragraphs, your site can grow as large as necessary to meet your small
business needs, but to ensure a great experience for all, we will place
some constraints on how fast you can grow. The vast majority of our
customers sites grow at rates well within our rules, but our abuse controls
may cause a brief delay while we evaluate if expansion is appropriate.


Data transfer:
In most cases, if you use our services consistently with the Terms of
Service and these paragraphs, visitors to your site will be able to
download, upload, and view as much content from your site as they like.
However, in certain circumstances, our server processing power, server
memory, or abuse controls could limit downloads from your site. These are
subject only to the Terms of Service and the rules that control how fast
your site can grow (see above).


Email storage:
You do not have to worry about hitting a storage limit if you use our
services consistently with the Terms of Service and these paragraphs.
Temple Pate will increase your space along with your appropriate small
business needs, but our abuse controls may impact the rate of growth or
your folder size, and there may be a short delay while we assess your
usage. In some cases, creating additional folders or subfolders will help
ensure that the system works well for everyone.


ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY & TERMS OF SERVICE


The following is the entire Acceptable User Policy (AUP) agreement between
Temple Pate and the personal or corporate account holder (YOU/YOUR
Customer). Temple Pate provides World Wide Hosting, Marketing, and
Development.Temple Pate has certain legal and ethical responsibilities
consisting with the use of its servers and equipment involved in these
services. Temple Pate general policy is to act as a provider of Internet
presence. Temple Pate reserves the rights to suspend or cancel a customers
access to any or all services provided by Temple Pate when we decide that
the account has been inappropriately used.


SERVER ABUSE


Any attempt to undermine or cause harm to a server or customer of Temple
Pate is strictly prohibited. Temple Pate will strongly react to any use or
attempted use of an Internet account or computer without the owners
authorisation. Such attempts include Internet scamming (tricking other
people into releasing their passwords), password theft, security hole
scanning, etc. Any unauthorised use of accounts or computers by YOU,
whether or not the attacked account or computer belongs to Temple Pate,
will result in action against YOU. Possible actions include warnings,
account suspension or cancelation, as well as civil or criminal legal
action, depending on the seriousness of the attack.


IMPORTANT NOTE â€“ Temple Pate has the right to discontinue service, or deny
access to anyone who violates our policies or the terms and conditions
shown below WITHOUT WARNING or PRIOR NOTICE. No refunds of fees paid will
be made if account termination is due to violation of the terms outlined
below. YOU may not run IRC, bots or clients on shared servers. Unacceptable
uses also include, but are NOT limited to: Bulk emailing, unsolicited
emailing, newsgroup spamming, pornographic content, illegal content,
copyright infringement, trademark infringement, warez sites (including
links to/from), cracks, software serial numbers, proxy-relaying, link
farming (the act of or by use of scripts), link grinding, link-only sites,
spamdexing, FFA (Free-For-All) and/or anything else determined by Temple
Pate to be unacceptable use of our services including abuse of server
resources.


APPLICATIONS and ACCESSIBLE SCRIPTS


All applications that are out-of-date and actively being exploited will be
shut down immediately without prior notice. YOU are responsible for and
should evaluate YOUR -based applications and scripts on a regular basis to
ensure their security and orderliness. Shared hosting accounts may also be
terminated if it includes the following content or have links to the
following content: Providing material that is grossly offensive to the
community including blatant expressions of bigotry, racism, hatred, or
profanity; promoting or providing instructional information about illegal
activities; promoting physical harm or injury against any group or
individual; displaying material containing obscene nudity or pornographic
material (not applicable to managed dedicated servers); displaying material
that exploits children under 18-years of age; acts of copyright
infringement including offering pirated computer programs or links to such
programs; information used to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-
protect devices, including serial or registration numbers for software
programs, or any type of cracker utilities.


STORAGE SPACE ABUSE


Temple Pate will not tolerate any form of storage space abuse. At least 90%
of YOUR pages (HTML) must be linked with files (GIF, JPEG, etc.) stored on
Temple Pate servers. site that are found to contain either/or no HTML
documents, a large number of unlinked files are subject to files deletion
or account cancelation at the discretion of Temple Pate Management
(MANAGEMENT), with or without prior notice. If YOU do not qualify for the
free service, disk space will go unmonitored until YOU reach the amount
allocated to YOUR specific hosting plan (PLAN). Thereafter, normal site
data storage costs $0.20/1MB/month will be billed toYOUR account. If you
want to pre-pay for disk space overages, you will be billed
$0.10/1MB/month. YOU will have 3 days to pay for your overages. Failure to
do so will result in YOUR site being disabled within 3 days of YOUR first
notice. This does not apply to co-location clients. Co-location clients
will be billed for the overages based on switch reports. Co-location
clients must pay for the overages IMMEDIATELY once billing or Temple Pate
has the sole decision to deactivate any and all servers. Temple Pate will
be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.


BANDWIDTH ABUSE


The intention of Temple Pate is to provide a large bandwidth to transfer
documents, and not an offsite storage area for electronic files. If YOU
violate this condition, YOU will be notified and given 48 hours to remedy
the problem. Failure to do so will result in YOU being billed for the
overages. If YOU do not qualify for the free service, traffic will go
unmonitored until YOU reach the amount of quota allocated to YOUR specific
PLAN. Thereafter, normal data transfer cost of $0.00/500GB/month will be
free to use on YOUR account. If YOU go over bandwidth overages, YOU will be
billed $4.00/100GB/month. YOU will have till the end of the month to pay
for your overages. Failure to do so will result in YOUR site being disabled
within 3 days of YOUR first notice. This does not apply to co-location
clients. Co-location clients will be billed for the overages based on
switch reports. Co-location clients must pay for the overages IMMEDIATELY
once billing or Temple Pate has the sole decision to deactivate any and all
servers. Temple Pate will be the sole arbiter as to what constitutes a
violation of this provision.


UNSOLICITED EMAIL & SPAMMING


Unsolicited commercial advertisements (SPAM) are not allowed in e-mail, and
will likely result in account cancelation. Temple Pate takes a zero-
tolerance approach to SPAM originating from its servers or for spam
advertising of domains hosted within our network. If found, we will charge
YOU up to $25 per unsolicited email message sent and delete YOUR account
with any prior notice. The following activities are not allowed: SPAM,
which includes, but is not limited to, bulk mailing of commercial
advertising, informational announcements, charity requests, petitions for
signatures, and political or religious tracts (such messages may only be
sent to those who have explicitly requested it from your domain); Forging,
altering or removing electronic mail headers â€“ any domain sending stealth
spam will be terminated without warning and without refund.


Sending numerous copies of the same or substantially similar message with
the intent to disrupt a server or account (mail bombing); Spamming
Newsgroups: Commercial advertisements are unwelcome in most Usenet
discussion groups and on most e-mail mailing lists. Inappropriate posting
may result in account cancelation. See the newsgroup or mailing lists
charter for whether advertising is allowed or not. Sending a message to
many different off-topic newsgroups, is particularly unethical and will be
treated as such; Mail may not be used to harass or intimidate others.
Harassment, whether through language, frequency of messages, or size of
messages, is prohibited. Sending a single unwelcome message may be
considered harassment. If a recipient asks to stop receiving e-mail, YOU
must not send that person any further messages.


NOTE â€“ If YOU use the services of another provider to promote a site hosted
by or through Temple Pate (spamvertising), then the provisions of the above
policy shall apply as if the SPAM were sent through our servers.


99.99% UPTIME GUARANTEE


(1.) COVERAGE â€“ This 99.99% uptime guarantee applies to any Customer in
good financial standing with Temple Pate at the time of a service outage.
(2.) SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT (SLA) & SPECIFICATIONS â€“ Temple Pate
endeavours to have the content of YOUR site available for http access by
any party in the world 99.99% of the time. Network downtime
(unavailability) is defined as 100% packet loss from Temple Pate to its
backbone providers. Downtime is measured past 10 minutes after notification
of network failure via Temple Pate online ticketing system. If the
ticketing system itself is unreachable, the ticket must be started by
calling the Temple Pate NOC. Temple Pate administrators will determine the
end of the downtime by a traceroute to YOUR machine from outside the Temple
Pate network.
(3a.) SHARED HOSTING CREDITS â€“ In the event that YOUR site is unavailable
for less than 100%, Temple Pate will credit the following months service
fee as follows. YOUR credit shall be retroactive and measured in 24 hours a
day of a calendar month, with the maximum credit not exceeding 50% of the
monthly service charge for the affected month.


Monthly Uptime Credit:
- 95% to 99% â€“ YOUR account will be credited 10% of your monthly hosting
fee
- 90% to 94.9% â€“ YOUR account will be credited 20% of your monthly hosting
fee
- 89.9% or below â€“ YOUR account will be credited 50% of your monthly
hosting fee


(3b.) MANAGE DEDICATED SERVERS â€“ For managed dedicated server Customers, if
the uptime is between 98.9% and 99.9% for any particular month, credit
shall be retroactive and equivalent to the difference between the
guaranteed level of availability of the Customers services during the month
and the calculated actual level of availability of the Customers services,
multiplied by the actual charges incurred by YOU for the services during
that monthly period. In addition, for managed dedicated servers, YOU may be
entitled to additional credits as calculated below measured 24-hours a day
in a calendar month, with the maximum credit not to exceeding 25% of the
monthly service charge for the affected month.


In order for YOU to receive a credit on YOUR account, YOU must request such
credit within seven (7) days after YOU experienced the downtime. You must
request credit by sending an email message to accounts@example.com. For
security, the body of this message must contain YOUR account number, the
dates and times of the unavailability of YOUR site, and such other customer
identification requested by Temple Pate. Credits will usually be applied
within sixty (60) days of YOUR credit request. Credit to YOUR account shall
be YOUR sole and exclusive remedy in the event of an outage.


(4.) RESTRICTIONS â€“ Credit shall not be provided to YOU in the event that
you have any outage resulting from:
- scheduled maintenance as posted from time to time at Temple Pate,
- your behaviour or the performance or failure of your equipment,
facilities or applications,
- circumstances beyond reasonable control of Temple Pate, including,
without limitation, acts of any governmental body, war, insurrection,
sabotage, embargo, fire, flood, strike or other labor disturbance,
interruption of or delay in transportation, unavailability of interruption
or delay in telecommunications or third party services, including DNS
propagation, domain name registration/transfer, failure of third party
software or hardware or inability to obtain raw materials, supplies, or
power used in or equipment needed for provision of your site,
- YOU breaking any agreement policy in Temple Pate Terms & Conditions and
AUP causing a machine to fail as a result.


TECHNICAL SUPPORT BOUNDARIES


Temple Pate provides technical support for YOU that encompasses within our
area of expertise only. Such expertise includes assistance,
troubleshooting, and debugging of our cPanel control panel interface,
servers within our immediate responsibility and any other hosting related
issues.


However, in under no circumstances is Temple Pate neither obligated to help
YOU in the installations of new application modules, templates and/or
programming languages, nor in providing assistance for any errors produced
by any applications that have been modified by YOU previously. We will only
provide assistance in making sure any EasyApps applications that are
installed through the cPanel control panel interface are installed as
directed.


CGI SCRIPTS
Each shared hosting account comes with its own CGI-BIN. YOU are free to use
any CGI scripts YOU wish, however we reserve the rights to disable any CGI
script that effects normal shared server operation without prior notice.
(this section does not apply to managed dedicated servers)


CHAT ROOMS
We do not allow YOU to install YOUR own chat rooms within a shared hosting
account, without approving it with Temple Pate. This includes, but not
limited to, chat applications written in PHP, Perl, CGI, Python, Ruby, etc.
Any application that provides real-time chat is also not permitted. Most
chat rooms tend to be large system hogs and we cannot allow it as an
account option. However, based forums such as vBulletin, phpBB or similar
forum scripts are acceptable. Voice Chats are an exception.


FILE SERVER
Temple Pate installed and provides special file-servers in our network
infrastructure for YOUR benefit as a means of storage for electronic files
and applications that are not dynamically generated and is downloadable in
nature. Files such as MP3, AVI, MID, MIDI,MPG, MPEG, MOV, ZIP, RAR, EXE and
anything else we deemed as downloadable and not dynamically generated
scripting languages are to be stored within these file-servers, away from
the servers. This Policy does not apply for image files formats such as
JPG, JPEG, GIF,PNG, and BMP. In addition, all electronic files stored
within Temple Pate file-servers must be legally owned and be accompanied
with a valid license and/or copyright. This include and is not limiting to
MP3, AVI, MID, MIDI, MPG, MPEG, MOV, EXE, ISO. Should we discover any
unlicensed and/or illegal files within YOUR account, the files will be
subjected to deletion without any further notifications. File-servers will
not be backed up.


YOU are advised to have YOUR own backup locally or elsewhere other than
within the Temple Pate servers. If YOU are found to not adhere to this
Policy, the offending material(s) will be deleted from YOUR hosting account
without any prior notice. This service is only available for Temple Pate
SHARED-HOSTING customers.


SMTP MAIL SERVER ABUSE


We do not allow YOU to send outbound mail to more than 20 recipients at any
one given time and/or more than 1,000 pieces of e-mail per day from a
shared hosting account with a maximum file size of 20MB per email message.
If YOU violate Temple Pate policies persistently in email activities, YOUR
account will be suspended and deleted.


BACKGROUND RUNNING PROGRAMS
We may allow programs to run continually in the background. These are
considered on a one-to-one basis and an extra charge will be incurred based
on system resources used and operational maintenance needed. (This section
does not apply to managed dedicated servers).


IRC
We currently do not allow IRC or IRC bots to be operated on our servers.
IRC servers are not permitted on our network. YOU can however, install IRC
clients on managed dedicated servers. The installation and/or execution of
a script and/or binary that runs in the background or listens to any given
port are also strictly prohibited.


PAYMENT POLICIES
All accounts are set up on a Open Source. Setup fees are Free for all new
accounts as well as major account changes and are non-refundable. All
pricing is guaranteed for the term of prepayment. Temple Pate reserves the
right to change prices at any time, unless other terms have been agreed
upon. Any account not brought current within a week (14 days) of e-mail
notice or exceeding this time frame in any way is subject to suspension.
YOU are responsible for all fees owed on the account from the time it was
established to the time that YOU notifies Temple Pate to request for
termination of services. All payment is in U.S. currency.


Temple Pate will bill each client $50 per returned check, per wire transfer
received and per credit card chargeback received. All Temple Pate accounts
are setup on anniversary billing cycles. YOUR particular billing cycle
corresponds to the contract length that was initially chosen at setup. YOUR
account will automatically renew at this length. There is no fee to change
to a shorter billing cycle at the end of the current cycle. However, if you
wish to change to a shorter billing cycle during a current cycle, there
will be a no fee. Please contact the billing department at
linuxkeymaker@gmail.com should you wish to change your anniversary
billing cycle.


CANCELATION OF SERVICE


Temple Pate reserves the right to cancel a service at any time. All fees
paid in advance of cancellation will be pro-rated and paid by Temple Pate
if we institutes our right of cancelation. Any violation of policies which
results in extra costs billed to YOU (i.e. transfer, space etc.). All of
Temple Pate PLANS are backed by a 30-day money back guarantee. If YOU are
not completely satisfied with our services or support within the first 30
days of YOUR contract, YOU will be given a full refund of the contract
amount excluding setup fees, domain registration fees, add-on/upgrade fees
and overages. Setup fees are refundable only if the account order is
canceled prior to account activation. If YOU cancel, the full contract
amount less any setup fees and overages will be refunded if Temple Pate is
notified within the first 30 days following activation. This policy does
not apply to any additional services such as overages, referrer logs, real
audio/video, additional disk space, additional pop accounts, domain
registration fees, etc. For credit card payment, refunds will be made to a
PayPal account made available by the Customer after the 120th day. Refund
policy will not be made available to Customers using wire transfers. All
account cancelations must be done via our cancelation form at YOUR hosting
account control panel. Phone or email requests will not constitute
acceptance of any cancelation.


PROMOTIONAL RATES & SPECIAL OFFERS


Temple Pate may offer subsequent promotional rates or special offers, the
terms of which may or may not be more favourable than the terms and
conditions for YOUR Services. Any such promotions or modifications shall
not affect YOUR obligations under this Agreement. Promotional fees may be
subject to additional terms and conditions which, to the extent they
conflict with the terms of this Agreement, shall govern. Different
promotional fees and special offers may not be combined together.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS


Material accessible to you through Temple Pate services may be subject to
protection under the United States or other copyright laws, or laws
protecting trademarks, trade secrets and proprietary information. Except
when expressly permitted by the owner of such rights, YOU must not use
Temple Pate or its servers and network in a manner that would infringe,
violate, dilute or misappropriate any such rights, with respect to any
material that you access or receive through the Temple Pate network. If YOU
use a domain name in connection with Temple Pate or similar service, YOU
must not use that domain name in violation of any trademark, service mark,
or similar rights of any third party. NETWORK SECURITY Customers may not
use the Temple Pate network with an attempt to circumvent user
authentication or security of any host, network, or account. This includes,
but is not limited to, accessing data not intended for YOU, logging into a
server or account YOU are not expressly authorised to access, password
cracking, probing the security of other networks in search of weakness, or
violation of any other organisations security policy. YOU may not attempt
to interfere or deny service to any user, host, or network. This includes,
but is not limited to, flooding, mail bombing, or other deliberate attempts
to overload or crash a host or network. Temple Pate will cooperate fully
with investigations for violations of systems or network security at other
sites, including cooperating with law enforcement authorities in the
investigation of suspected criminal violations. Users who violate system or
network security may incur criminal or civil liability.


ELECTRONIC COMMERCE


YOU will be solely responsible for the development, operation and
maintenance of YOUR online store and products along with all content and
materials appearing online or on YOUR products, including without
limitation:


(a.) the accuracy and appropriateness of content and materials appearing
within the store or related to YOUR products,
(b.) ensuring that the content and materials appearing within the store or
related to YOUR products do not violate or infringe upon the rights of any
third party, and
(c.) ensuring that the content and materials appearing within the store or
related to YOUR products are not libellous or otherwise illegal.YOU will be
solely responsible for the final calculation and application of shipping
and sales tax. YOU will also be solely responsible for accepting,
processing, and filling any customer orders, and for handling any customer
inquiries or complaints arising there from. YOU are also responsible for
the security of any customer credit card numbers and related customer
information YOU may access as a result of conducting electronic commerce
transactions through YOUR site. YOU will keep all such information
confidential and will use the same degree of care and security as YOU use
with your confidential information.


STATIC & DYNAMIC CONTENT CACHING


YOU expressly (i) grant to Temple Pate a license to cache the entirety of
YOUR site, including content supplied by third parties, hosted by Temple
Pate under this Agreement and(ii) agree that such caching is not an
infringement of any of YOUR intellectual property rights or any third
partys intellectual property rights.


IP ADDRESS OWNERSHIP


Temple Pate shall maintain and control ownership of all IP numbers and
addresses that may be assigned to YOU by Temple Pate. Temple Pate reserves,
in its sole discretion, the right to change or remove any and all such IP
numbers and addresses.


DOMAIN NAME REGISTRATION


YOU agree to pay Temple Pate prior to the effectiveness of the desired
domain name registration, the then-current amount set forth in the Temple
Pate price schedule for the initial registration of the domain name and,
should YOU choose to renew the registration, subsequent renewals of the
registration. All fees are non-refundable, in whole or in part, even if
YOUR domain name registration is suspended, canceled or transferred prior
to the end of YOUR then current registration term.


Temple Pate reserves the right to change fees, surcharges, renewal fees or
to institute new fees at any time, for any reason, at its sole discretion.
YOUR requested domain name will not be registered unless and until we
receive actual payment of the registration fee, and have confirmed YOUR
registration in an email from Temple Pate to the email address indicated in
YOUR registration application. In the event of a chargeback by a credit
card company (or similar action by another payment provider allowed by
Temple Pate) in connection with the payments of the registration fee for
YOUR domain name registration, YOU agrees and acknowledges that the domain
name registration shall be transferred to Temple Pate as the paying entity
for that registration to the registry and that we reserve all rights
regarding such domain name including, without limitation, the right to make
the domain name available to other parties for purchase.


Temple Pate will reinstate YOUR domain name registration solely at the
discretion of Temple Pate, and subject to our receipt of the initial
registration or renewal fee and our then-current reinstatement fee.
Transfer domain registrar to Temple Pate, YOU agree to pay Temple Pate
prior to the effectiveness of the desired domain name transfer request, the
then-current amount set forth in the Temple Pate price schedule for the
initial transfer request of the domain name. YOU agree and acknowledge that
the domain name transfer will fail, and all fees are non-refundable, for
the following reasons, but not limited to:


- No response from the Registered Name Holder or Administrative Contact
- Domain name in Registrar Lock Status
- Domain name registration period time expires or other constraints, other
than during the first 60 days of initial registration or during the first
60 days after a registrar transfer Temple Pate reserves the right to change
fees, surcharges, renewal fees or to institute new fees at any time, for
any reason, at its sole discretion. YOUR requested domain name will not be
registered unless and until we receive actual payment of the registration
fee, and have confirmed YOUR registration in an email from Temple Pate to
the email address indicated in YOUR registration application.


In the event of a chargeback by a credit card company (or similar action by
another payment provider allowed by Temple Pate) in connection with the
payments of the registration fee for YOUR domain name registration, YOU
agrees and acknowledges that the domain name registration shall be
transferred to Temple Pate as the paying entity for that registration to
the registry and that we reserve all rights regarding such domain name
including, without limitation, the right to make the domain name available
to other parties for purchase.


Temple Pate will reinstate YOUR domain name registration solely at Temple
Pate discretion, and subject to our receipt of the initial registration or
renewal fee and our then-current reinstatement fee. Transfer domain
registrar away from Temple Pate. Temple Pate reserves all rights, without
limitation, to reject the domain name transfer request for the following
reasons, but not limited to:


- No response from the Registered Name Holder or Administrative Contact
- Domain name in Registrar Lock Status and there is no request from
Registered Name Holder or Administrative Contact for the status change
- Domain name registration period time will be expiring in less than 60
days or other constraints, other than during the first 60 days of initial
registration or during the first 60 days after a registrar transfer YOU
agree and acknowledge that the failure or success of a domain name transfer
will be his/her sole responsibility, and Temple Pate will not be held
liable for the failure of a domain name transfer for any reason.


LAWFUL PURPOSE


Temple Pate reserves the right to refuse service to anyone. YOU may only
use Temple Pate server for lawful purposes and our services may not be used
for illegal purposes or in support of illegal activities. We reserve the
right to cooperate with legal authorities and/or injured third parties in
the investigation of any suspected crime or civil wrongdoing. If anything
is not legal in the United States of America, it is not permitted to reside
on our servers. Transmission, distribution or storage of any material in
violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited. This includes
but not limiting material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret
or other intellectual property right used without proper authorisation, and
material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or
violates export control laws. Examples of non-acceptable content or links:
Pirated Warez, OGG, AVI, MPEG, ISO, Hacker programs or archives,
Copyrighted Digital Movie Copies (DIVX) and Unlicensed MP3. The designation
of any materials as such described above is left entirely to the discretion
of Temple Pate management. If illegal content or usage is found, the
account will be suspended and/or terminated. YOU agree that Temple Pate may
disclose any and all YOUR information including assigned IP numbers,
account history, account use, etc. to any law enforcement agent who makes a
written request without further consent or notification.


Regardless of the place of signing this agreement, YOU agree that for
purposes of venue this contract is entered in Atlanta, Georgia, and any
dispute will be litigated or arbitrated in Atlanta, Georgia. Defendants
further waive all objections to venue and acknowledge that venue in any
such litigation will be held in Fremont courts.


IN NO EVENT SHALL Temple Pate MAXIMUM LIABILITY EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED
($500.00) DOLLARS.


INDEMNIFICATION


YOU AGREE THAT IT SHALL DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, SAVE AND HOLD Temple Pate
HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL DEMANDS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS AND CLAIMS,
INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES ASSERTED AGAINST Temple Pate, ITS
AGENTS, ITS CUSTOMERS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES, THAT MAY ARISE OR RESULT
FROM ANY SERVICE PROVIDED OR PERFORMED OR AGREED TO BE PERFORMED OR ANY
PRODUCT SOLD BY YOU, YOUR AGENTS, EMPLOYEES OR ASSIGNS. YOU AGREE TO
DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS Temple Pate AGAINST LIABILITIES ARISING
OUT OF:
(1) ANY INJURY TO PERSON OR PROPERTY CAUSED BY ANY PRODUCTS SOLD OR
OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED IN CONNECTION WITH Temple Pate SERVERS.
(2) ANY MATERIAL SUPPLIED BY THE CUSTOMER INFRINGING OR ALLEGEDLY
INFRINGING ON THE PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY
(3) COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT AND
(4) ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS SOLD TO CUSTOMER FROM Temple Pate SERVERS.


DISCLAIMER


Temple Pate WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES YOUR BUSINESS MAY
SUFFER. Temple Pate MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
FOR SERVICES WE PROVIDE. Temple Pate DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OR
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS INCLUDES LOSS OF
DATA RESULTING FROM DELAYS, NON-DELIVERIES,WRONG DELIVERY, AND ANY AND ALL
SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS CAUSED BY Temple Pate AND ITS EMPLOYEES. Temple Pate
RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REVISE ITS POLICIES AT ANY TIME. ALL SUB-NETWORKS,
RESELLERS AND DEDICATED SERVERS OF Temple Pate MUST ADHERE TO THE ABOVE
POLICIES.FAILURE TO FOLLOW ANY TERM OR CONDITION WILL BE GROUNDS FOR
IMMEDIATE ACCOUNT CANCELATION.


PRIVACY STATEMENT


Temple Pate follows the strict guidelines of our customer privacy
statement. Please make sure you understand this statement fully.


[SIGN]


[CUSTOMER SIGNS]

