
Between Dominic Sutherland and [CLIENTS NAME]


Summary


I will always do my best to fulfil your needs and meet your goals, but
sometimes it is best to have a few simple things written down so that we
both know what is what, who should do what and what happens if things go
wrong. In this contract you won't find complicated legal terms or large
passages of unreadable text. I have no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. I do want what's best for the safety
of both parties, now and in the future.


In short


You, [CLIENT], are hiring Dominic Sutherland located at 7b Gypsy Lane,
Nunthorpe, Middlesbrough, TS7 0DX to design and develop a web site for the
estimated total price of £[PRICE] outlined in our previous correspondence.
The agreed payment plan is at the end of the document.


What do both parties agree to do?


As my customer, you have the power and ability to enter into this contract
on behalf of your company or organisation. You agree to provide me with
everything that I need to complete the project including text, images and
other information as and when I need it, and in the format that I ask for.
You agree to review my work, provide feedback and sign-off approval in a
timely manner too. Deadlines work two ways and you will also be bound by
any dates that I set together. You also agree to stick to the payment
schedule set out at the end of this contract.


I have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from me
and I will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the
way I will endeavour to meet all the deadlines set but I can't be
responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in
supplying materials or have not approved or signed off my work on-time at
any stage. On top of this I will also maintain the confidentiality of any
information that you give me.


Details of the works


I will create designs for the look-and-feel, layout and functionality of
your web site. This contract includes one main design plus any changes to
the site during a review period. This review period lasts a total of 5
working days, and will begin when I declare the site ready for review. If
you're not happy with the whole website at this stage, you will pay me in
full for all of the work that I have produced until that point and you may
either cancel this contract or continue to commission me to make further
design revisions at the daily rate set out in my original estimate. During
the creation of your website, you will have the option to either, have a
"Coming Soon" page in place or password protect the directory in which the
website is being created. Your website will not be made live and accessible
by the public until the final payment is made.


Text content


I am not responsible for writing or inputting any text copy unless I
specified it in the original estimate. I'll be happy to help though, and in
addition to the estimate I will charge you at £ 25 per hour, including a
free initial consultation, for copy writing or content input.


Photographs


If needed, you will supply me photographs either in digital or printed
format. If you choose to buy stock photographs I can suggest vendors of
stock photography. Any time I spend searching for or taking appropriate
photographs will be charged at £25 per hour, after a free initial
consultation to determine if this is the best route to take.


Changes and revisions


I know from plenty of experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely
beneficial to you, as they often limit you to your first idea about how
something should look, or how it might work. I don't want to limit either
your options or your opportunities to change your mind.


The estimate/quotation prices at the beginning of this document are based
on the number of days that I estimate I'll need to accomplish everything
that you have told me you want to achieve. If you do want to change your
mind, add extra pages or templates or even add new functionality, that
won't be a problem. You will be charged at my standard hourly rate of £25
per hour. Along the way I might ask you to put requests in writing so I can
keep track of changes.


Legal stuff


I can't guarantee that the functions contained in any web page templates or
in a completed web site will always be error-free and so I can't be liable
to you or any third party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings
or other incidental, consequential or special damages arising out of the
operation of or inability to operate this web site and any other web pages,
even if you have advised me of the possibilities of such damages.


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.


Copyrights


You guarantee to me that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide me for inclusion in the web
site are either owned by yourself, or that you have permission to use them.


When I receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned as
follows:


You own the graphics and other visual elements that I create for you for
this project. I will give you a copy of all files and you should store them
really safely as I am not required to keep them or provide any native
source files that I used in making them.


You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless
someone else owns them. I own the XHTML markup, CSS and other code and I
license it to you for use on only this project.


I love to show off my work and share what I have learnt with other people,
so I also reserve the right to display and link to your completed project
as part of my portfolio and to write about the project on web sites, in
magazine articles and in books about web design.


The Website


By signing this contract, you agree to have a website monitor installed on
the website. This allows both my self and you to keep track of changes made
to the site and who made them.


Any problems or issues on the site caused by you or any member of your
business will be fixed but will be charged at my hourly rate of £25. Any
problems or issues caused by external entities, for example hacking or
users to the site will be fixed free of charge. However if external
entities gained access to your site through external hosting or were
allowed access by yourself or on your behalf then you will also be charged
at my hourly rate of £25.


If in the future you desire changes to be made to your site I will be happy
to make them, any changes will be charged at my hourly rate of £25. If you
choose to host your website with myself then before these changes are made
I will, free of charge, back up the site to ensure no data is lost. However
if you choose to host your site externally, you will be advised by myself
to back up your site and if you so wish I will back up the site for you.
For this you will be charged at my hourly rate of £25.


All estimated days outlined in the Proposal are approximate. I cannot be
held accountable to these approximations if you do not provide any
necessary files promptly or due to any unseen circumstances or public
holidays.


Payments


I am sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that I send you promptly. As I’m also sure you'll want to
stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment schedule,
which will be as follows, but may be revised based on further conversations
between me.


[DEPOSIT PERCENTAGE]% of total estimated fee due upon agreement this
contract: £00.00


Remainder of fee payable not more than 14 days after receipt of finished
product: £000.00


If payments are not received within 7 days you will be contacted as a
reminder to pay the invoice. If 7 days after you have been contacted you
still have not paid the outstanding invoice, your website will be removed
from its permanent location. The website will not go live until the final
payment is made.


NOTE: BY SIGNING THIS CONTRACT YOU AGREE TO THE PROPOSAL: (link to
proposal)


But where is all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you cannot transfer this contract to anyone
else without my permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of English
courts.


This contract is subject to change. Dominic Sutherland has the power to
change this contract once the outlined project is complete. A new contract
will be formed and will require signatures from all parties included on
this contract.

