
FullSteam Labs is designed to serve the web hosting needs of small
businesses and non-profit organizations. It is not appropriate to use our
basic hosting services to support large enterprises or internationally
based businesses with a sustained demand that places undue burden on our
systems or negatively impacts use by small, independently owned and
operated businesses. If you intend to do more traffic for a larger site,
please ask us for a more robust hosting package.


FullSteam Labs is a shared web hosting service, which means that a number
of customers web sites and other email or storage services are hosted from
the same server. FullSteam Labsuses abuse controls to help ensure that use
of our services does not adversely affect the performance of our system or
other customers sites. It is not appropriate to use an account primarily as
an online storage space or for archiving electronic files without prior
consent and agreement with FullSteam Labs.


Disk space:
If you use your services consistently with the Terms of Service and these
paragraphs, your site can grow as large as necessary to meet your small
business needs, but to ensure a great experience for all, we will place
some constraints on how fast you can grow. The vast majority of our
customers sites grow at rates well within our rules, but our abuse controls
may cause a brief delay while we evaluate if expansion is appropriate. If
you need room for a faster growth rate, you must work with FullSteam Labs
to ensure your needs are met.


Data transfer:
In most cases, if you use our services consistently with the Terms of
Service and these paragraphs, visitors to your web site will be able to
download and view as much content from your site as they like. However, in
certain circumstances, our server processing power, server memory, or abuse
controls could limit downloads from your site. You can also upload as much
as content as you like each month, subject only to the Terms of Service and
the rules that control how fast your site can grow (see above).


ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY & TERMS OF SERVICE


The following is the entire Acceptable User Policy (AUP) agreement between
FullSteam Labs and the personal or corporate account holder (YOU/YOUR
Customer). FullSteam Labs provides World Wide Web Hosting, Marketing, and
Development. FullSteam Labs has certain legal and ethical responsibilities
consisting with the use of its servers and equipment involved in these
services. FullSteam Labs general policy is to act as a provider of Internet
presence. FullSteam Labs reserves the rights to suspend or cancel a
customers access to any or all services provided by FullSteam Labs when we
decide that the account has been inappropriately used.


SERVER ABUSE


Any attempt to undermine or cause harm to a server or customer of FullSteam
Labs is strictly prohibited. FullSteam Labs will strongly react to any use
or attempted use of an Internet account or computer without the owners
authorisation. Such attempts include Internet scamming (tricking other
people into releasing their passwords), password theft, security hole
scanning, etc. Any unauthorised use of accounts or computers by YOU,
whether or not the attacked account or computer belongs to FullSteam Labs,
will result in action against YOU. Possible actions include warnings,
account suspension or cancelation, as well as civil or criminal legal
action, depending on the seriousness of the attack.


IMPORTANT NOTE – FullSteam Labs has the right to discontinue service, or
deny access to anyone who violates our policies or the terms and conditions
shown below WITHOUT WARNING or PRIOR NOTICE. No refunds of fees paid will
be made if account termination is due to violation of the terms outlined
below. YOU may not run IRC, bots or clients on shared servers. Unacceptable
uses also include, but are NOT limited to: Bulk emailing, unsolicited
emailing, newsgroup spamming, pornographic content, illegal content,
copyright infringement, trademark infringement, warez sites (including
links to/from), cracks, software serial numbers, proxy-relaying, link
farming (the act of or by use of scripts), link grinding, link-only sites,
spamdexing, FFA (Free-For-All) and/or anything else determined by FullSteam
Labs to be unacceptable use of our services including abuse of server
resources.


WEB APPLICATIONS and WEB ACCESSIBLE SCRIPTS


All web applications that are out-of-date and actively being exploited will
be shut down immediately without prior notice. YOU are responsible for and
should evaluate YOUR web-based applications and scripts on a regular basis
to ensure their security and orderliness. Shared hosting accounts may also
be terminated if it includes the following content or have links to the
following content: Providing material that is grossly offensive to the Web
community including blatant expressions of bigotry, racism, hatred, or
profanity; promoting or providing instructional information about illegal
activities; promoting physical harm or injury against any group or
individual; displaying material containing obscene nudity or pornographic
material (not applicable to managed dedicated servers); displaying material
that exploits children under 18-years of age; acts of copyright
infringement including offering pirated computer programs or links to such
programs; information used to circumvent manufacturer-installed copy-
protect devices, including serial or registration numbers for software
programs, or any type of cracker utilities.


STORAGE SPACE ABUSE


FullSteam Labs will not tolerate any form of storage space abuse. At least
90% of YOUR web pages (HTML) must be linked with files (GIF, JPEG, etc.)
stored on FullSteam Labs servers. Websites that are found to contain
either/or no HTML documents, a large number of unlinked files are subject
to files deletion or account cancelation at the discretion of FullSteam
Labs Management (MANAGEMENT), with or without prior notice. For basic
hosting customers, YOUR disk space will be unlimited unless you begin
reaching bandwidth use limits. FullSteam Labs will be the sole arbiter as
to what constitutes a violation of this provision.


BANDWIDTH ABUSE


The intention of FullSteam Labs is to provide a large bandwidth to transfer
web documents, and not an offsite storage area for electronic files. If YOU
violate this condition, YOU will be notified and given 48 hours to remedy
the problem. Failure to do so will result in YOU being billed for the
overages. If YOU do not qualify for the free service, traffic will go
unmonitored until YOU reach the amount of quota allocated to YOUR specific
PLAN. Thereafter, normal data transfer cost of $10.00/1GB/month will be
billed to YOUR account. If YOU want to pre-pay for bandwidth overages, YOU
will be billed $5.00/1GB/month. YOU will have 3 days to pay for your
overages. Failure to do so will result in YOUR website being disabled
within 3 days of YOUR first notice. FullSteam Labs will be the sole arbiter
as to what constitutes a violation of this provision.


99.99% UPTIME GUARANTEE


(1.) COVERAGE – This 99.99% uptime guarantee applies to any Customer in
good financial standing with FullSteam Labs at the time of a service
outage.
(2.) SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT (SLA) & SPECIFICATIONS – FullSteam Labs
endeavours to have the content of YOUR website available for http access by
any party in the world 99.99% of the time. Network downtime
(unavailability) is defined as 100% packet loss from FullSteam Labs to its
backbone providers. Downtime is measured past 10 minutes after notification
of network failure via FullSteam Labs online ticketing system. If the
ticketing system itself is unreachable, the ticket must be started by
calling the FullSteam Labs phone number. FullSteam Labs administrators will
determine the end of the downtime by a traceroute to YOUR machine from
outside the FullSteam Labs network.
(3a.) SHARED HOSTING CREDITS – In the event that YOUR website is
unavailable for less than 99.99%, FullSteam Labs will credit the following
months service fee as follows. YOUR credit shall be retroactive and
measured in 24 hours a day of a calendar month, with the maximum credit not
exceeding 50% of the monthly service charge for the affected month.


Monthly Uptime Credit:
- 95% to 99.9% – YOUR account will be credited 10% of your monthly hosting
fee
- 90% to 94.9% – YOUR account will be credited 20% of your monthly hosting
fee
- 89.9% or below – YOUR account will be credited 50% of your monthly
hosting fee


(3b.) MANAGE DEDICATED SERVERS – For managed dedicated server Customers, if
the uptime is between 98.9% and 99.9% for any particular month, credit
shall be retroactive and equivalent to the difference between the
guaranteed level of availability of the Customers services during the month
and the calculated actual level of availability of the Customers services,
multiplied by the actual charges incurred by YOU for the services during
that monthly period. In addition, for managed dedicated servers, YOU may be
entitled to additional credits as calculated below measured 24-hours a day
in a calendar month, with the maximum credit not to exceeding 25% of the
monthly service charge for the affected month.


In order for YOU to receive a credit on YOUR account, YOU must request such
credit within seven (7) days after YOU experienced the downtime. You must
request credit by sending an email message to hosting@fullsteamlabs.com.
For security, the body of this message must contain YOUR account number,
the dates and times of the unavailability of YOUR website, and such other
customer identification requested by FullSteam Labs. Credits will usually
be applied within sixty (60) days of YOUR credit request. Credit to YOUR
account shall be YOUR sole and exclusive remedy in the event of an outage.


(4.) RESTRICTIONS – Credit shall not be provided to YOU in the event that
you have any outage resulting from:
- scheduled maintenance as posted from time to time at FullSteam Labs,
- your behavior or the performance or failure of your equipment, facilities
or applications,
- circumstances beyond reasonable control of FullSteam Labs, including,
without limitation, acts of any governmental body, war, insurrection,
sabotage, embargo, fire, flood, strike or other labor disturbance,
interruption of or delay in transportation, unavailability of interruption
or delay in telecommunications or third party services, including DNS
propagation, domain name registration/transfer, failure of third party
software or hardware or inability to obtain raw materials, supplies, or
power used in or equipment needed for provision of your web site,
- YOU breaking any agreement policy in FullSteam Labs Terms & Conditions
and AUP causing a machine to fail as a result.


TECHNICAL SUPPORT BOUNDARIES


FullSteam Labs provides technical support for YOU that encompasses within
our area of expertise only. Such expertise includes assistance,
troubleshooting, and debugging of our cPanel control panel interface,
servers within our immediate responsibility and any other hosting related
issues.


However, in under no circumstances is FullSteam Labs neither obligated to
help YOU in the installations of new application modules, templates and/or
programming languages, nor in providing assistance for any errors produced
by any applications that have been modified by YOU previously. We will only
provide assistance in making sure any EasyApps applications that are
installed through the cPanel control panel interface are installed as
directed.


CGI SCRIPTS
Each shared web hosting account comes with its own CGI-BIN. YOU are free to
use any CGI scripts YOU wish, however we reserve the rights to disable any
CGI script that effects normal shared server operation without prior
notice. (this section does not apply to managed dedicated servers)


FILE SERVER
FullSteam Labs installed and provides special file-servers in our network
infrastructure for YOUR benefit as a means of storage for electronic files
and applications. In addition, all electronic files stored within FullSteam
Labs file-servers must be legally owned and be accompanied with a valid
license and/or copyright. This includes and is not limiting to MP3, AVI,
MID, MIDI, MPG, MPEG, MOV, EXE, ISO. Should we discover any unlicensed
and/or illegal files within YOUR account, the files will be subjected to
deletion without any further notifications. File-servers will not be backed
up.


YOU are advised to have YOUR own backup locally or elsewhere other than
within the FullSteam Labs servers. If YOU are found to not adhere to this
Policy, the offending material(s) will be deleted from YOUR hosting account
without any prior notice. This service is only available for FullSteam Labs
SHARED-HOSTING customers.


BACKGROUND RUNNING PROGRAMS
We may allow programs to run continually in the background. These are
considered on a one-to-one basis and an extra charge will be incurred based
on system resources used and operational maintenance needed. (This section
does not apply to managed dedicated servers).


PAYMENT POLICIES
All accounts are set up on a pre-pay basis. Setup fees are charged for all
new accounts as well as major account changes and are non-refundable. All
pricing is guaranteed for the term of prepayment. FullSteam Labs reserves
the right to change prices at any time, unless other terms have been agreed
upon. Any account not brought current within 14 days of e-mail notice or
exceeding this time frame in any way is subject to suspension. YOU are
responsible for all fees owed on the account from the time it was
established to the time that YOU notifies FullSteam Labs to request for
termination of services. All payment is in U.S. currency.


FullSteam Labs will bill each client $50 per returned check and per credit
card chargeback received. All FullSteam Labs accounts are setup on
anniversary billing cycles. YOUR particular billing cycle corresponds to
the contract length that was initially chosen at setup. YOUR account will
automatically renew at this length. There is no fee to change to a shorter
billing cycle at the end of the current cycle. However, if you wish to
change to a shorter billing cycle during a current cycle, there will be a
$50.00 fee. Please contact the billing department at
hosting@fullsteamlabs.com should you wish to change your anniversary
billing cycle.


CANCELATION OF SERVICE


FullSteam Labs reserves the right to cancel a service at any time. All fees
paid in advance of cancellation will be pro-rated and paid by FullSteam
Labs if we institutes our right of cancelation. Any violation of policies
which results in extra costs billed to YOU (i.e. transfer, space etc.). All
of FullSteam Labs PLANS are backed by a 30-day money back guarantee. If YOU
are not completely satisfied with our services or support within the first
30 days of YOUR contract, YOU will be given a full refund of the contract
amount excluding setup fees, domain registration fees, add-on/upgrade fees
and overages. Setup fees are refundable only if the account order is
canceled prior to account activation. If YOU cancel, the full contract
amount less any setup fees and overages will be refunded if FullSteam Labs
is notified within the first 30 days following activation. This policy does
not apply to any additional services such as overages, referrer logs, real
audio/video, additional disk space, additional pop accounts, domain
registration fees, etc. For credit card payment, refunds will be made to
made available by the Customer after the 120th day. Refund policy will not
be made available to Customers using wire transfers. All account
cancelations must be done via our cancelation form at YOUR hosting account
control panel. Phone or email requests will not constitute acceptance of
any cancelation.


PROMOTIONAL RATES & SPECIAL OFFERS


FullSteam Labs may offer subsequent promotional rates or special offers,
the terms of which may or may not be more favourable than the terms and
conditions for YOUR Services. Any such promotions or modifications shall
not affect YOUR obligations under this Agreement. Promotional fees may be
subject to additional terms and conditions which, to the extent they
conflict with the terms of this Agreement, shall govern. Different
promotional fees and special offers may not be combined together.


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS


Material accessible to you through FullSteam Labs services may be subject
to protection under the United States or other copyright laws, or laws
protecting trademarks, trade secrets and proprietary information. Except
when expressly permitted by the owner of such rights, YOU must not use
FullSteam Labs or its servers and network in a manner that would infringe,
violate, dilute or misappropriate any such rights, with respect to any
material that you access or receive through the FullSteam Labs network. If
YOU use a domain name in connection with FullSteam Labs or similar service,
YOU must not use that domain name in violation of any trademark, service
mark, or similar rights of any third party. NETWORK SECURITY Customers may
not use the FullSteam Labs network with an attempt to circumvent user
authentication or security of any host, network, or account. This includes,
but is not limited to, accessing data not intended for YOU, logging into a
server or account YOU are not expressly authorised to access, password
cracking, probing the security of other networks in search of weakness, or
violation of any other organisations security policy. YOU may not attempt
to interfere or deny service to any user, host, or network. This includes,
but is not limited to, flooding, mail bombing, or other deliberate attempts
to overload or crash a host or network. FullSteam Labs will cooperate fully
with investigations for violations of systems or network security at other
sites, including cooperating with law enforcement authorities in the
investigation of suspected criminal violations. Users who violate system or
network security may incur criminal or civil liability.


ELECTRONIC COMMERCE


YOU will be solely responsible for the development, operation and
maintenance of YOUR online store and products along with all content and
materials appearing online or on YOUR products, including without
limitation:


(a.) the accuracy and appropriateness of content and materials appearing
within the store or related to YOUR products,
(b.) ensuring that the content and materials appearing within the store or
related to YOUR products do not violate or infringe upon the rights of any
third party, and
(c.) ensuring that the content and materials appearing within the store or
related to YOUR products are not libellous or otherwise illegal.YOU will be
solely responsible for the final calculation and application of shipping
and sales tax. YOU will also be solely responsible for accepting,
processing, and filling any customer orders, and for handling any customer
inquiries or complaints arising there from. YOU are also responsible for
the security of any customer credit card numbers and related customer
information YOU may access as a result of conducting electronic commerce
transactions through YOUR website. YOU will keep all such information
confidential and will use the same degree of care and security as YOU use
with your confidential information.


STATIC & DYNAMIC CONTENT CACHING


YOU expressly (i) grant to FullSteam Labs a license to cache the entirety
of YOUR website, including content supplied by third parties, hosted by
FullSteam Labs under this Agreement and(ii) agree that such caching is not
an infringement of any of YOUR intellectual property rights or any third
partys intellectual property rights.


IP ADDRESS OWNERSHIP


FullSteam Labs shall maintain and control ownership of all IP numbers and
addresses that may be assigned to YOU by FullSteam Labs. FullSteam Labs
reserves, in its sole discretion, the right to change or remove any and all
such IP numbers and addresses.


LAWFUL PURPOSE


FullSteam Labs reserves the right to refuse service to anyone. YOU may only
use FullSteam Labs server for lawful purposes and our services may not be
used for illegal purposes or in support of illegal activities. We reserve
the right to cooperate with legal authorities and/or injured third parties
in the investigation of any suspected crime or civil wrongdoing. If
anything is not legal in the United States of America, it is not permitted
to reside on our servers. Transmission, distribution or storage of any
material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited.
This includes but not limiting material protected by copyright, trademark,
trade secret or other intellectual property right used without proper
authorisation, and material that is obscene, defamatory, constitutes an
illegal threat, or violates export control laws. Examples of non-acceptable
content or links: Pirated Warez, OGG, AVI, MPEG, ISO, Hacker programs or
archives, Copyrighted Digital Movie Copies (DIVX) and Unlicensed MP3. The
designation of any materials as such described above is left entirely to
the discretion of FullSteam Labs management. If illegal content or usage is
found, the account will be suspended and/or terminated. YOU agree that
FullSteam Labs may disclose any and all YOUR information including assigned
IP numbers, account history, account use, etc. to any law enforcement agent
who makes a written request without further consent or notification.


Regardless of the place of signing this agreement, YOU agree that for
purposes of venue this contract is entered in Asheville, North Carolina,
and any dispute will be litigated or arbitrated in Asheville, North
Carolina. Defendants further waive all objections to venue and acknowledge
that venue in any such litigation will be held in Fremont courts.


IN NO EVENT SHALL FULLSTEAM LABS MAXIMUM LIABILITY EXCEED FIVE HUNDRED
($500.00) DOLLARS.


INDEMNIFICATION


YOU AGREE THAT IT SHALL DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, SAVE AND HOLD FullSteam Labs
HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL DEMANDS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS AND CLAIMS,
INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES ASSERTED AGAINST FullSteam Labs, ITS
AGENTS, ITS CUSTOMERS, OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES, THAT MAY ARISE OR RESULT
FROM ANY SERVICE PROVIDED OR PERFORMED OR AGREED TO BE PERFORMED OR ANY
PRODUCT SOLD BY YOU, YOUR AGENTS, EMPLOYEES OR ASSIGNS. YOU AGREE TO
DEFEND, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS FullSteam Labs AGAINST LIABILITIES
ARISING OUT OF:
(1) ANY INJURY TO PERSON OR PROPERTY CAUSED BY ANY PRODUCTS SOLD OR
OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED IN CONNECTION WITH FullSteam Labs SERVERS.
(2) ANY MATERIAL SUPPLIED BY THE CUSTOMER INFRINGING OR ALLEGEDLY
INFRINGING ON THE PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY
(3) COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT AND
(4) ANY DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS SOLD TO CUSTOMER FROM FullSteam Labs SERVERS.


DISCLAIMER


FullSteam Labs WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES YOUR BUSINESS MAY
SUFFER. FullSteam Labs MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED FOR SERVICES WE PROVIDE. FullSteam Labs DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY OR
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS INCLUDES LOSS OF
DATA RESULTING FROM DELAYS, NON-DELIVERIES,WRONG DELIVERY, AND ANY AND ALL
SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS CAUSED BY FullSteam Labs AND ITS EMPLOYEES. FullSteam
Labs RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REVISE ITS POLICIES AT ANY TIME. ALL SUB-
NETWORKS, RESELLERS AND DEDICATED SERVERS OF FullSteam Labs MUST ADHERE TO
THE ABOVE POLICIES.FAILURE TO FOLLOW ANY TERM OR CONDITION WILL BE GROUNDS
FOR IMMEDIATE ACCOUNT CANCELATION.

