
   


PURPOSE


The purpose of this contract is simple:  We are not trying to confuse you
with hard legal terms.  Instead, we are plainly stating the role of each
party, what the work entails, payment schedules and what should happen if
something were to go wrong.  


SUMMARY:


You, Client has agreed to let Consulting Company design your
company’swebsite for a fee.  Consulting Company has agreed to work on
designing Client’s website for a fee.  


DESCRIPTION OF WORK


We, Consulting Company, are going to design only the layout of your
company’s website using the system HTLML markup.  Prior to the design we
will test the HTML markup on the same browser you have so that we can
ensure quality performance.  


PAYMENT DESCRIPTION


Starting date is ____ day of ______, ______ and completion date is ____ day
of ______, ______ for amount of __________.  You will first pay a deposit
fee for ___________.  The balance of ____________ will then be due on the
completed date.


We are agreeing to complete the web design by the due date.  We know that
you will do your part in sticking to the payment schedule listed above.  
Just in case these payments cannot be met, there will be interest charged
if the payment is more than 7 days late.  This interest will be 10% of the
amount owed
that will be added every 10 days.   


FEES AND ADDITIONAL SERVICES:


We totally understand that along the way, there are some changes that may
pop into your head, which are not specified in the Description of the Work
section of this contract.  This is fine, so long as we create a separate
Agreement and payment schedule while reserving all rights of this
agreement.


ADDITIONAL EXPENSES


There may be some unanticipated expenses along the way that are necessary
for us to complete the Website design (e.g. Research, Shipping, external
consultation).  In case this happens, you agree to reimburse us for
expenses necessary to complete the work.


THE LEGAL PART


We cannot be held liable if there is any lost profit or special damages
that your company might experience as a result of our work.  If you wish to
pursue this matter legally, we cannot be held liable for costs, and
expenses, including attorney fees that you incur when following this route.


TERMINATION


Each party is free to terminate the Agreement by giving a 30 day written
notice.


ASSIGNMENT
OF THE WORK


In the interest of ensuring quality work, we reserve the right to assign
other designers to do the work you assigned for us.
 


The signatures below indicate that the parties have agreed to the agreement
above:


Client: ____________ Date_______________


Consultant:_________Date_______________


 

