

Website Terms of use


1. About this website


Website Owner = [Website Owner] Pty Ltd (ABN (Australian Business Number)
(“ [Website Owner] ”) (Domain name = http://www.yourwebsitename.com.au the
“website”)


2. About these terms of use


These website terms of use (“terms of use”) and the associated Privacy
Statement (“privacy policy”) govern your access to and use of the website.
You should read these terms of use and the privacy policy carefully before
using this website.


3. Your access/use implies agreement


The website is available for your use only on condition that you agree to
these terms of use. By accessing/using the website, you are signifying that
you agree to be bound by these terms.


4. Modifications to the Terms


[Website Owner] may revise and update these terms of use at any time. Your
continued usage of the website after any changes to these terms of use will
mean you accept those changes.


5. Modifications to the information


[Website Owner] does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of
material on this website. All information may be changed, supplemented,
deleted or updated without notice at the sole discretion of [Website
Owner].


6. Errors and problems


[Website Owner] does not guarantee that the website will be free from
viruses, or that access to the website will be uninterrupted.


7. License and Ownership


The copyright for the content on this website is owned or licensed by
[Website Owner] and is protected under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) and by
other copyright laws in both Australia and other countries. No material on
this website may be reproduced, adapted, uploaded to a third party, linked
to, framed, performed in public, distributed or transmitted in any form by
any process without the specific written consent of [Website Owner].


All custom graphics, icons, and other items that appear on the website and
all associated trademarks, are trademarks of [Website Owner].


8. [Website Owner] Privacy Policy


The [Website Owner] privacy policy governs the use of information collected
from or provided by you at the website. A policy statement prepared by
[Website Owner] for the purposes of being made available to customers and
the general public declaring the company's commitment to the Privacy Act
1988 (Cth) (hereinafter the “Privacy Act”) for a company required to comply
is available at http://www.yourwebsite.com.au/privacypolicy.


9. Feedback, suggestions, comments or requests


[Website Owner] does not encourage you to make feedback, suggestions,
comments or requests (“comments”) but these comments may be made to
info@yourwebsite.com.au and if you do make comments, you acknowledge that:
they will not be considered confidential or proprietary, and [Website
Owner] is under no obligation to keep such information confidential, and
[Website Owner] will have an unrestricted, irrevocable, world-wide, royalty
free right to use, communicate, reproduce, publish, display, distribute and
exploit such comments in any manner it chooses.


9. Outbound links


The website may contain links to third-party websites and resources
(“linked sites”). These linked sites are provided solely as a convenience
to you and not as an endorsement by [Website Owner]. [Website Owner] makes
no representations or warranties regarding the availability, correctness,
accuracy, performance or quality of the linked site or any content,
software, service or application found at any linked site. [Website Owner]
may receive payments and/or commissions from operators of linked sites in
relation to goods or services supplied by the operator as a result of you
linking to the third party website from the [Website Owner] website.


10. Inbound links


[Website Owner] generally encourages and agrees to your linking to the Home
page through a plain text link on your website without the need for
agreement between yourself and [Website Owner].However, linking to any
other page of the website is strictly prohibited, without express written
permission from [Website Owner] .


11. Jurisdiction


The Australian section is provided for use only by Australian residents.
The law applicable to use of the Australian section and to disputes arising
out of the Australian section is the law of the State of [insert state
here] and The International Section is provided for use by residents of any
country in the world but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the law
applicable to use of the International Section and to disputes arising out
of the International Section is the laws of the State of [insert state
here] Australia.


12. Disclaimer of Warranties


[Website Owner] makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy,
completeness, security or timeliness of the content, information or
services provided by the website and disclaims all warranties, either
express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to
the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third
parties' rights, and fitness for a particular purpose.


13. Limitation of Liability


If [Website Owner] is found responsible for any damages, [Website Owner] is
responsible for actual damages only. In no event shall [Website Owner], be
liable for any incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive and/or
consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or
business interruption resulting from the use of or inability to use the
website.


14.General Conditions of Sale


The following Conditions of Sale shall apply to any product sold on this
website. These Conditions of Sale constitute a complete and exclusive
statement of the agreement and understanding between you and [Website
Owner] with respect to the subject matter hereof.


a. The goods delivered under this Agreement shall be of normal industrial
quality unless herein specifically stated to the contrary. Any description
of such goods has been given by way of identification only and the giving
or use of such description shall not constitute any sale hereunder a sale
by description.


b. The products available on the website for sale under these Conditions of
Sale are only available for sale to individuals who can make legally
binding contracts. The products are not available to persons under the age
of 18 years nor any other person legally prohibited from entering into a
binding contract. By placing your order you are verifying to the [Website
Owner] that you are able to make a legally binding contract.


c. Your order is an offer by you to purchase a particular product for the
price (including the delivery and other charges and taxes) specified on the
website at the time of offer and shall be understood to be placed under
these Conditions of Sale.


d. These Conditions of Sale may change from time to time and you are
required within reason to revisit these before placing your order to ensure
that these Conditions of Sale have not changed.


e. [Website Owner] reserves the right to accept or reject your offer for
any reason, including, without limitation, an error in the product
description or the price posted on the website, the availability of the
product, or an error in your order. Your contract with [Website Owner] only
comes into existence when [Website Owner] forwards you an email containing
confirmation of receipt of your order, an acceptance of your order,
confirmation of receipt of your payment and details of likely delivery.


f. This contract shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
law in effect in the State of [insert Australian State here] and by
entering into contract both parties are accepting the jurisdiction of the
courts of the State of [insert Australian State here] in relation to any
dispute between them.


g. You shall inspect the goods immediately upon their arrival and shall
within seven (7) days give notice to [Website Owner] if the goods are not
in accordance with specified requirements. If you fail to give such notice,
the goods shall be deemed to be in all respects in accordance with the
specified requirements. No claim shall be recognised unless made in writing
and received by [Website Owner] within seven (7) days after receipt of
goods by you. The total amount of any claim shall not exceed the actual
invoice value of the goods claimed to be faulty.


h. Ownership and property in the goods supplied/delivered shall pass from
[Website Owner] to you when [Website Owner] accepts your offer and assigns
product in the [Website Owner] warehouse. Risk passes to you upon delivery
to your warehouse or to an agreed delivery point.


i. [Website Owner] shall not be responsible for non-delivery or delay in
delivery of any goods caused by force majeure and you and [Website Owner]
shall be excused from performance of their respective obligations when and
to the extent such performance is delayed or prevented by force majeure. If
your need for the goods is reduced or suspended as a result of force
majeure, and notification is within reasonable time of acceptance of the
Order and prior to transfer of ownership, you shall be entitled to
terminate the agreement. For the purpose of this commitment force majeure
shall include but is not limited to natural disasters, civil disasters,
political event, change of legal / political environment, business
disruption, accidents, earthquake, flood, hurricane or typhoon, tornado,
tsunami, volcanic eruption, wildfire/bushfire, landslide or avalanche,
fire, flood, storm, earthquake, terrorist acts, revolt, war, financial
markets disturbances, changes of regime or tax or regulatory authority,
energy failure, external telecommunications failure, and/or failure of
transport systems.


j. You assume all risks and liabilities for consequences arising from the
use of the goods whether singly or in combination with other goods and
indemnify [Website Owner] in respect of any such use. [Website Owner] is
not liable for any infringement of patent rights arising out of the use of
such goods by you or your instructions, expressed or implied, and it is
your responsibility of to ensure that the goods when used by you are not
damaged and no liability will be accepted by [Website Owner] for the
consequences of the use of damaged goods by you.


k. Nothing in these Conditions of Sale is intended to exclude, restrict or
modify any statutory obligation of [Website Owner] implied by the Goods
Act, 1958.










 

