
This Agreement ("Agreement") is made as of [DATE], by [PROVIDER] located at
[PROVIDER ADDRESS], and [CLIENT] ("Client"), located at [CLIENT ADDRESS].


Scope of Work


Client is contracting [PROVIDER] to provide website maintenance, technical
support, and hosting services for [WEB URL]. [PROVIDER] agrees to provide
such services to the Client on a quarterly basis. Services not considered
“standard website maintenance, technical support, or hosting” are subject
to be charged at a separate rate and will not be considered part of this
agreement.


a. What IS included in this Agreement


Ongoing web hosting services, web font hosting services, and up to [NUMBER
OF HOURS] hours of standard website maintenance and technical support for
[WEB URL] every three months, which includes:


    • Guaranteed response for bug fixes and maintenance issues (See
      Deadlines and Deliverables).
    • Web hosting through a third-party provider to allow your website to be
      accessible online.
    • Web font hosting through a third-party provider to serve fonts on your
      website.
    • Regular monitoring and updating to ensure performance across all the
      latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer and Microsoft
      Edge, Safari, and mobile versions of Chrome and Safari.
    • Security protection against hackers from gaining access to your site.
    • Regular and thorough backups of your website so that it may be fully
      restored in case of loss.
    • Monitoring your website functionality to ensure that everything is
      working as it should and provide updates when necessary. Software
      updates may be necessary to address security or stability issues in
      the software or to add new features, and may include:
    • Server-level updates (Linux, PHP, Apache, and various submodules)
    • Application-level updates to WordPress
    • Plugin-level updates for specific functionality within the context of
      the CMS
    • Front-end updates to HTML, CSS, and Javascript
    • Assisting with downtime or performance issues by liaising with the web
      host provider.
    • The addition of new features or changes to existing features on the
      website. If the time required to complete these changes exceeds the
      time allotted in the agreement, additional hours will be billed
      separately (See Additional Services).
    • Consultation, advice and guidance on the use of the website.


If any regular maintenance or software update procedure requires additional
time to complete beyond the scope of this agreement [PROVIDER] will notify
the Client in advance and any additional time will be billed separately.
Support hours expire at the end of the quarter and do not roll over to the
next maintenance quarter.


b. What is NOT included in this Agreement


    • Maintenance, support, or hosting services for websites other than [WEB
      URL].
    • Domain name registration, DNS service, or email services.


Payment


a. Payment Schedule


Client agrees to pay [PROVIDER] a total of $[TOTAL] each quarter in
exchange for the above services. The first payment is due upon execution of
this Agreement. Subsequent payments will be due every three months
thereafter. All payments are due upon receipt.


b. Late Payments


If the Client fails to pay any amount properly due under the Agreement by
the due date, [PROVIDER] may, after giving three days’ notice to the
Client, suspend any work until payment is made in full. [PROVIDER] reserves
the right to withhold delivery of any current work if accounts are not
current or overdue invoices are not paid in full.


c. Third Party Fees


The Client is responsible for all third party fees, including any necessary
license fees required to purchase and install new plugins or software on
the website. These fees will be communicated to client in writing before
they are incurred.


Deadlines & Deliverables


[PROVIDER] will respond via email to all maintenance requests from Client
within 24 hours on weekdays with a confirmation that the request was
received as well as an estimated completion date. Maintenance requests
received after 5:00 pm PST on weekdays may not be completed until the next
business day unless prior arrangements have been made.

[PROVIDER] will make all reasonable efforts to adhere to all quoted
deadlines for the deliverables in the Client’s maintenance requests. In the
event that [PROVIDER] has any issues in delivering on a quoted deadline,
Client will be notified via email the reasoning for any change.


Additional Services


Any revisions, additions, or redesign the Client requests [PROVIDER]to
perform that is not specified in this document shall be considered
"additional" and will require a separate agreement and payment. [PROVIDER]
shall advise Client on any requested work that falls within these bounds.


Authorization


Client hereby authorizes [PROVIDER] to access their web hosting account,
providing active user name / password combinations for access to the server
via FTP, assuring that 'write permissions' are in place on said hosting
provider.

During the duration of this contract, the Client agrees that [PROVIDER]
will be the sole provider of maintenance services for the website, and no
other party will have access to or rights to change the website. If a party
other than [PROVIDER] makes changes to the website, any errors that are
created must be repaired and will be charged for at $[HOURLY RATE] per
hour.


Indemnity


Client agrees to indemnify [PROVIDER] against all claims, judgments,
decrees, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, incident to any
proceeding which may be brought against [PROVIDER] or its agents,
distributors, customers, or other vendors based on a claim of alleged
copyright, trademark, or alleged misappropriation of a trade secret, as
well as for a claim of alleged unfair competition resulting from similarity
in design, trademark or appearance of Contract Products and Services
provided under this Agreement.

Client agrees that it will, upon request of [PROVIDER] and at Client’s own
expense, defend or assist in the defense of any action which may be brought
against [PROVIDER] or its officers, employees, agents, distributors,
customers, or other vendors for these claims of alleged infringement,
misappropriation, or unfair competition. [PROVIDER] agrees to notify Client
promptly upon receipt of notice of infringement or information of such a
suit having been filed. This indemnification will be in addition to all
other obligations under this Agreement.


Miscellaneous


a. Headings


The section headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes
only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.


b. Relationship


[PROVIDER] will perform services hereunder only as an independent
contractor. Client is to have no control over the methods and means of
accomplishing the desired result. [PROVIDER] will not be construed to be an
employee or agent of Client.


c. Assignment


The Client or [PROVIDER] cannot assign or transfer this Agreement to anyone
else without the written permission of the other party.


d. Limitation of Liability


In no event will either party be liable, whether in contract, tort, or
otherwise, for any incidental, special, indirect, consequential or punitive
damages, including, but not limited to, damages for any loss of use, loss
of time, inconvenience, commercial loss, or lost profits, savings, or
revenues, to the full extent such may be disclaimed by law.

The total liability of [PROVIDER] or Client, whether for breach of
contract, warranty, negligence, strict liability in tort or otherwise, is
limited to the price of the particular services purchased, sold, or
otherwise at issue hereunder with respect to which losses or damages are
claimed.


e. Construction


Both parties have had adequate opportunity to obtain legal representation
and this Agreement reflects arms’ length negotiations. Neither party will
be deemed the drafter and no ambiguity in the Agreement will be construed
against either party.


f. Contract Cancellation


The Client may cancel or choose not to renew this Agreement at any time by
providing written notice to [PROVIDER]. Within five business days of such
cancellation, Client will be responsible for securing their own web hosting
account, web font hosting account, and technical support provider, as
[PROVIDER] will no longer provide these services. Any fees billed to and/or
paid for by the Client up until the point of cancellation are non-
refundable and will not be reimbursed by [PROVIDER] to the Client.


[PROVIDER] may cancel or choose not to renew this Agreement at any time by
providing 30 days written notice to Client. In the event of cancellation or
non-renewal by the provider, [PROVIDER] will provide a prorated refund for
unused services and all files necessary to migrate the website to another
host.


g. Governing Law


This Agreement is shall be governed by the laws of the State of [STATE].
Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be settled by arbitration,
to take place in [CITY], [STATE].


h. Severability


If any provision of this Agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.


i. Entire Agreement


This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to
the subject matter of the Agreement. The Agreement supersedes any prior
agreements, understandings, or negotiations, whether written or oral. This
Agreement can only be amended through a written document formally executed
by all parties.

