

Statement of Work


This Statement of Work (the “SOW”), along with the Terms and Conditions,
make up the service agreement (the “Agreement”).


Offer Availability. The terms and prices offered in the Statement of Work
will be available to you for 30 days.


[SCOPE OF WORK INSERTED HERE, INCLUDING WORK TO BE PERFORMED, DELIVERABLES,
AND PAYMENT SCHEDULE]


Terms & Conditions


Parties:


[DESIGNER] (“Designer” or “We”)
[DESIGNER ADDRESS]


Designer Email for Notice: [DESIGNER@EMAIL.COM]


[CLIENT CONTACT]
[CLIENT NAME]


[CLIENT COMPANY] (“Client” or “You”)
[CLIENT ADDRESS]


Client Email for Notice: [COMPANYCONTACT@COMPANY.COM]


Design Services


Professional Standard. Designer will provide the services identified in the
Statement of Work. Designer will provide these services in a professional
manner, and in accordance with applicable professional standards.


Deliverables. Designer will provide its Deliverables to the Client in
professional design formats. These formats may include Adobe Creative Suite
files such as Photoshop (.psd) and Indesign (.indd). The Client understands
that it may need particular software and expertise to utilize the
deliverables. If the Client would like its deliverables in a specific file
format, the Client must request to have the format included in the
Statement of Work.


Change Request


A "Change Request" is any request for work outside the scope of the
Statement of Work.


If such a request is made, the Designer will notify the Client that it is a
Change Request. If the Client still wants to proceed with the Change
Request, the Designer will bill the work on a time and materials basis, at
the Designer’s standard hourly rate of $100/hr. The Designer may also
extend its delivery schedule.


If the Change Request alters the scope of the project by more than 20%, the
Designer may submit a new proposal to the Client.


Payment


Invoice. The Designer will invoice the Client according to the Statement of
Work. Client shall pay all invoices within 15 days of receipt.


Expenses. In addition to Designer’s fees, the Client will be invoiced for
Designer’s expenses. Designer’s travel and lodging expenses will be
invoiced to the Client without markup. Meal expenses will not be invoiced
to the Client at all. Other Expenses incurred by the Designer in performing
services to the Client will be invoiced to Client at Designer’s standard
mark-up of 20%. Other Expenses include, without limitation, postage,
shipping, models, presentation materials, photocopies, equipment rental,
photographer’s costs and fees, photography and/or artwork licenses,
prototype production costs, talent fees, music licenses, software licenses,
online access, Software as a Service, and hosting fees.


Taxes. Client is responsible for paying all applicable taxes, including
sales, use and value added taxes.


Late Payment. Overdue balances may be charged a monthly service fee of 1.5%
(or the greatest amount allowed by law).


Delivery


Timeframe. The Designer will use commercially reasonable efforts to perform
the Services within the schedule outlined in the Statement of Work.
Designer’s delivery timeframe depends upon the Client’s prompt response to
any questions or requests for Client materials.


Designer Agents. The Designer may hire third party designers or service
providers (“Design Agents”) as independent contractors. The Designer is
responsible for Design Agents’ compliance with this Agreement.


Testing & Acceptance. The Designer shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to test Deliverables before providing them to the Client.


If the project includes XHTML or HTML markup and CSS templates, the
Designer will use HTML5 markup and CSS3 for styling. The Designer will test
the markup and CSS in current versions of Safari, Chrome, Firefox, and
Internet Explorer. The Designer will not test websites in older browsers,
unless specifically identified in the Statement of Work.


The Client shall promptly review all deliverables, and must notify the
Designer of any failure to conform to the Statement of Work within 5
business days of receipt. If Designer does not receive a timely
notification, the Deliverable will be deemed accepted. The Client’s
notification must clearly identify the problems with the Deliverable.


Client Responsibilities. Client must promptly: (a) coordinate any decision-
making activities with 3rd parties; (b) provide Client Content in a form
suitable for reproduction or incorporation into the Deliverables; and (c)
proofread deliverables.


Client Rights in Deliverables.


IP Assignment. Upon completion of the Services and full payment of all
invoices, the Designer shall assign IP rights to the Client. These IP
rights include all ownership rights, including any copyrights, in any
artwork, designs and software created by the Designer and incorporated into
a Final Deliverable, except as otherwise noted in this Agreement.


Designer Rights in Deliverables.


Preliminary Works. Designer retains the rights to all Preliminary Works
that are not incorporated into a Final Deliverable.


Designer Portfolio. Designer may display the Deliverables in the Designer’s
portfolios and websites, and in galleries, design periodicals and other
exhibits for the purposes of professional recognition. Likewise, the
Designer may publicly describe its role in the Project.


Credit. If the Designer incorporates credits into the Deliverables, any use
of the Deliverables shall continue to bear the credits in the same form,
size and location. Designer credits will not be incorporated into any logo
designed for the Client.


Designer Tools. The Designer may incorporate certain Designer Tools into
the Deliverables.


“Designer Tools” means all design tools developed or utilized by Designer
in performing the Services, including without limitation: pre-existing and
newly developed software, Web authoring tools, type fonts, and application
tools.


In the event Designer Tools are incorporated into any Final Deliverable,
then Designer grants Client a royalty-free, perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive license to use the Designer Tools to the extent necessary to use
the Final Deliverables. Designer retains all other rights in the Designer
Tools.


Designer and Client Relationship


Non-Exclusive. This Agreement does not create an exclusive relationship.
The Deliverables are not a "work for hire" under Copyright Law.


No Assignment. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations under
this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. Any
such attempted assignment will be void ab initio. Consent is not required
for a disposition of substantially all assets of the assigning party’s
business.


Confidential Information. Each party shall maintain Confidential
Information in strict confidence, and shall not use Confidential
Information except (a) as necessary to perform its obligations under the
Agreement, or (b) as required by a court or governmental authority.
Confidential Information includes proprietary technical and business
information, Preliminary Works, and any other information marked
“Confidential.”


Exception. Confidential Information does not include (a) any information
that is in the public domain, (b) becomes publicly known through no fault
of the receiving party, or (c) is otherwise known by the receiving party
before obtaining access to it under this Agreement or properly received
from a third party without an obligation of confidentiality.


No Solicitation


Six-Month Non-Solicit. During the term of this Agreement, and for a period
of 6 months after its expiration, Client shall not Solicit any of
Designer’s employees or Design Agents (collectively, “Designer Employee”).
“Solicit” is defined to include: solicit, recruit, engage, or otherwise
employ or retain, on a full-time, part-time, consulting, work-for-hire, or
any other basis.


Agency Commission. In the event of such Solicitation, Client shall pay
Designer an agency commission of 25% of the Designer Employee’s starting
salary with Client, or if hired as a contractor, 25% of the total contract
fees paid to Designer Employee during the first year following the
Solicitation.


Termination


Discretionary Termination, Upon Notice. Either party may terminate this
agreement in its business discretion upon sufficient advance notice. The
amount of notice required is 1/4 of the estimated project duration. For
example, if the Statement of Work estimates the services will take 80 days
from kick-off to final delivery, advance notice of at least 20 days will be
sufficient for discretionary termination.


Discretionary Termination by Client. IF: Client uses this discretionary
termination provision, THEN: Designer will retain all payments already made
as of the notification date, and Client shall pay Designer (a) for all
expenses incurred as of the date of notification of termination, (b) an
early termination fee equal to 25% of the total project fee, and (c) No IP
rights will be transferred.


Discretionary Termination by Designer. IF: Designer uses this discretionary
termination provision, THEN: (a) Designer will retain (or, if not paid in
advance, will be due) all costs already incurred and a prorated portion of
the fees for services performed up to the termination date, (b) Designer
will assist Client in transferring the project to a new designer, and (c)
Designer will assign sufficient IP rights to Client to allow Client to
continue the project.


Termination for Bankruptcy. Subject to any restrictions imposed by law,
either party may immediately terminate this Agreement, if the other party
either: (1) ceases to do business in the normal course; (2) becomes
insolvent; (3) admits in writing its inability to meet its debts or other
obligations as they become due; (4) makes a general assignment for the
benefit of creditors; (5) has a receiver appointed for its business or
assets; (6) files a voluntary petition for protection under the bankruptcy
laws; (7) becomes the subject of an involuntary petition under the
bankruptcy laws that is not dismissed within 60 days.


Termination for Breach. If a material breach of this Agreement is not cured
within 10 business days after a party’s receiving notice of the breach,
then the non-breaching party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon
notice.


Termination Procedure. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement:
(a) each party shall return (or, at the disclosing party’s request,
destroy) the Confidential Information of the other party, and (b) other
than as expressly provided in this Agreement, all rights and obligations of
each party under this Agreement, exclusive of the Services, shall survive.


Risk Allocation


Client Representations


Client represents and warrants to Designer that:


    • Client owns sufficient right, title, and interest in the Client
      Content to permit Designer’s use of the Client Content in performing
      the Services,
    • To the best of Client’s knowledge, Designer’s use of the Client
      Content will not infringe the rights of any third party,
    • Client shall comply with the terms and conditions of any licensing
      agreements which govern the use of Third Party Materials, and
    • Client shall comply with all laws and regulations governing the
      Services and Deliverables.


Designer Representations.


Designer represents and warrants to Client that:


    • The Final Deliverables will be the Designer’s original creative work,
      except that Designer may incorporate Client Content, work from its
      Designer Agents and third party material (for example, stock photos,
      or Software as a Service).
    • For any Final Deliverable that includes the work of independent
      contractors or third party material, Designer shall secure sufficient
      rights for Client to use the Final Deliverables for their intended
      purpose.
    • To the best of Designer’s knowledge, the final Deliverables will not
      infringe upon the IP rights of any third party. However, Designer will
      not be conducting any type of IP clearance search (for example,
      Designer will not be conducting a copyright, trademark, patent or
      design patent clearance search).


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


The services and the work product of the Designer are sold “as is.” In all
circumstances, the Designer’s maximum liability to Client for damages for
any and all causes whatsoever, and Client’s maximum remedy, regardless of
the form of action, whether in contract, tort or otherwise, shall be
limited to Designer’s net profit.


In no event shall Designer be liable for any lost data or content, lost
profits, business interruption or for any indirect, incidental, special,
consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising out of or relating to
the materials or the services provided by Designer, even if Designer has
been advised of the possibility of such damages.


LIMITED WARRANTY


Except for the express representations and warranties stated in this
agreement, Designer makes no warranties whatsoever. Designer explicitly
disclaims any other warranties of any kind, either express or implied,
including but not limited to warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose or compliance with laws or government rules or
regulations applicable to the project.


Force Majeure


Either party may invoke Force Majeure to excuse the failure of its timely
performance, if such failure was caused by: fire; flood; hurricane,
tornado, or other severe storm; earthquake; act of war; sabotage;
terrorism; riot; interruption or failure of electrical or
telecommunications service (for example, Internet failures); or failure of
suppliers, subcontractors, and carriers to substantially meet their
performance obligations.


Failure to make a payment may only be considered a Force Majeure event if
caused by an interruption in a third-party payment systems that otherwise
qualifies as a force-majeure event.


A party invoking force majeure to excuse its failure of timely performance
must show that the force-majeure event(s) and their relevant effects (i)
were beyond the invoking party’s reasonable control and (ii) could not have
been avoided through the exercise of due care by the invoking party.


Indemnification


Applicability. This indemnification clause governs all obligations arising
under this Agreement (if any) that require a party (the “Indemnifying
Party”) to defend an individual or organization (a “Protected Person”)
against a claim, for example, a claim made by a third party.


Indemnification. IF: A third party makes a claim that, if finally
successful, would establish a breach of a representation or warranty of
this Agreement; THEN: The party who made the representation or warranty
will: (i) defend the Protected Person against the claim (as defined below),
and (ii) indemnify each Protected Person against any monetary award entered
on the claim (as defined below).


Indemnification Against Damage Awards. (a) The Indemnifying Party will
indemnify the Protected Person against all monetary awards resulting from a
final judgment or award from which no further appeal is taken or possible.
(b) Such monetary awards include, for example, damages, penalties,
interest, and attorneys-fee awards.


Defense Obligation. (a) If the Protected Person requests legal defense, the
Indemnifying Party will provide a competent defense against the claim. (b)
IF: A Protected Person fails to timely request a defense; THEN: The
Indemnifying Party will not be responsible for any harm to the Protected
Person that may result from the delay. (c) If the Protected Person does not
request a defense against the claim, the Indemnifying Party may elect, its
business discretion, to provide a defense anyway. (d) For the avoidance of
doubt, the defense obligation of this section applies, without limitation,
to any claim brought in a judicial, arbitration, administrative, or other
proceeding, including for example any relevant appellate proceedings in
which the claim is at issue.


Control of the Defense. IF: The Indemnifying Party provides a defense
against an indemnified claim; THEN: (a) The Indemnifying Party is entitled
to control the defense of the claim. (b) The Protected Person must provide
reasonable cooperation in the defense of the claim; the Indemnifying Party
will reimburse the Protected Person for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses
actually incurred in doing so. (c) The Protected Person must not make any
non-factual admission concerning the claim without the Indemnifying Party’s
consent. (d) The Protected Person must not waive any defense to the claim
without the Indemnifying Party’s consent.


Control of Settlement. (a) The Indemnifying Party has discretion to settle
the claim on behalf of the Protected Person, PROVIDED THAT the settlement
terms do not (i) impose any obligation or prohibition on the Protected
Person, nor (ii) include any admission by the Protected Person. (b) Any
other settlement of the claim by the Indemnifying Party requires the
Protected Person’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld.
(c) If the Protected Person settles the claim without the Indemnifying
Party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld), then the
Indemnifying Party will have no liability to the Protected Person in
connection with the settlement.


Assumption of Control by Protected Person. A Protected Person may assume
control of its defense. IF: A Protected Person does so; AND: The
Indemnifying Party has previously tendered performance of its obligation to
provide a defense; THEN: The Indemnifying Party will have no further
responsibility or liability to the Protected Person (including for example
defense and/or indemnity liability) in respect of the claim in question.


General Terms


Notices.


All notices shall be sent by email. Permissible addresses for notice
include those stated in this Agreement and any other address reasonably
communicated.


A notice that is sent by email but is not read by the addressee is
nevertheless effective if, but only if, it has been (a) sent from an email
account that has been designated for notice and (b) delivered to an email
account that has been designated for notice. Email accounts designated for
notice are identified at the top of this Agreement, and may be amended only
by written notice.


Dispute Resolution.


Early Neutral Evaluation. At the request of either party, the parties will
submit any dispute between them, arising out of or relating to this
Agreement or any transaction or relationship arising from it, to nonbinding
early neutral evaluation, in NYC, in accordance with the Early Neutral
Evaluation procedures of the American Arbitration Association.


Arbitration. At the request of either party, the parties will submit any
dispute between them, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any
transaction or relationship arising from it, to binding arbitration in NYC,
through the American Arbitration Association. The prevailing party in any
dispute resolved by arbitration or litigation will be entitled to recover
its costs and attorneys’ fees.


Jurisdiction. The parties irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of the
state and federal courts located in New York County. The parties hereby
waive any jurisdictional or venue defenses and consent to service of
process by certified mail.


Interpretation.


Governing Law. This Agreement will governed by the laws of the state of New
York without regard to its conflict or choice of law rules.


Design Terminology: Any design terminology in the Statement of Work is
defined according to standard design industry usage. Any dispute as to the
meaning or scope of design terminology will be determined in good faith by
Designer.


IF / THEN Construction. Use of capitalized “IF:” and “THEN:” in a sentence
is intended only enhance readability. It has no special meaning apart from
its lower case meaning.


Modification & Waiver. Any modification of this Agreement must be in
writing. Failure by either party to enforce any right or seek to remedy any
breach under this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of such
rights nor shall a waiver by either party of default in one or more
instances be construed as constituting a continuing waiver or as a waiver
of any other breach.


Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will remain in full force
and effect.


Mutual Drafting. Any ambiguity or inconsistency in this Agreement is to be
resolved in accordance with the most reasonable construction and not
strictly for or against either party by virtue of that party’s author-ship.


Headings. Section headings are provided for convenience only and do not
affect the meaning of any terms.


Integration. This Agreement comprises the entire understanding of the
parties and supersedes all prior agreement and understandings.


Definitions


Client Content - all materials, information, photography, writings and
other creative content provided by the Client for use in the preparation of
and/or incorporation in the Deliverables.


Third Party Materials – works that are incorporated into the Final
Deliverables, but not created by Designer or owned by Client. Third Party
Materials includes, for example, stock photography or illustration.


Preliminary Works - all artwork including, but not limited to, concepts,
sketches, visual presentations, or other alternate or preliminary designs
and documents developed by Designer and which may or may not be shown and
or delivered to Client for consideration but do not form part of the Final
Art.


Deliverables - the services and work product specified in the Statement of
Work to be delivered by Designer to Client, in the form and media specified
in the Proposal.


Final Deliverables - the final versions of Deliverables provided by
Designer and accepted by Client.


Signatures


Each signatory represents that it has the full authority to enter into this
Agreement and to bind her or his respective party to all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

