
Maintenance Agreement


This agreement is between [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] and [CLIENT/COMPANY], the
Client.


Client is contracting [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] as a provider of web site
maintenance services. Services not considered 'standard website
maintenance' are subject to be charged at a regular hourly rate of $[20],
and will not be considered part of this contract. The Monthly charge for
maintenance is $[00] for [X] hours, any additional work that is included in
this agreement will be charged at $[20]/per hour.


What IS included in this agreement:


   1. Edit, revise, update or create new textual/graphical content
   2. New pages that utilize the current design and do not require
      modification of the theme or layout.
   3. Consultation, and guidance on the use of the web site.
   4. Onpage SEO such as Meta tags (title, description, keywords), alt tag,
      h1, h2, h3.
   5. Regular backups of your site so that it may be restored in case of
      loss.
   6. We’re here should you need us for consultation and advice.
   7. Monitoring your website functionality to ensure that everything is
      working as it should and upgrade where necessary. Some plugins may
      become outdated and no longer work with the newest version of your
      website software. Plugins may need upgrading to accommodate the newer
      version, or become obsolete with the improvements in the website
      software.
   8. Downtime is highly inconvenient for any website owner and when it
      happens it is important to have someone on hand to help. We can assist
      you by liaising with the hosting company to sort out the situation as
      quickly as possible.


*When your site is oﬄine you need immediate technical support, We ensure
that option is available and deal with any issues ourselves so you don’t
have to.


What is NOT included in this agreement:


   1. Web site redesign, re-alignment or re-development (i.e. changes to the
      overall look and feel of the website that would require editing of the
      theme files)
   2. New Website integration including but not limited to blogs (unless it
      will utilize the current theme/design), shopping carts and web forums.
      These require a separate design agreement.


Total Agreement:


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] shall provide Client with minor updates to the web
site. The contract will be paid on a Monthly Basis with the 1st payment due
30 days after the signing of this agreement. Each following monthly payment
will be due on the date of initial payment of each month. There will be a
10 day grace period for payments and a 10% late fee for payments made after
the grace period.


During the duration of this contract, the Client agrees that
[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will be the sole provider of maintenance services for
the web site, and no other party will have access to or rights to change
the web site. If a party other than [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] makes changes to
the web site, any errors that are created must be repaired and will be
charged for at the hourly rate specified above. Minor updates should not
exceed more than 50% of the content on any single site page, THE PERCENTAGE
TO BE DETERMINED BY [COMPANY/DEVELOPER].


Deadlines & Deliverables:


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will respond to all maintenance requests from Client
within [24] hours on weekdays and 48 hours on weekends, via email or phone,
with a confirmation that the request was received, and an estimated
completion date for each action item in the request. Maintenance requests
received after 18:00 PT may not receive a response until the next business
day unless prior arrangements have been made.


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] will adhere to all quoted deadlines for the
deliverables in the maintenance requests. In the event that
[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] has any issues in delivering on a quoted deadline,
Client will be notified via email or telephone the reasoning for any
change.


Meetings & Correspondence


[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] strives to maintain a minimal carbon footprint.
Meetings and correspondence will primarily be conducted by phone and email.
Files and documentation will be exchanged using email or cloud storage such
as Dropbox. Face to face meetings, when necessary, will be charged by the
half hour and will use the prepaid time first or be charged at the hourly
rate specified above if the monthly prepaid time is exhausted.


Additional Services:


Any revision, addition, or redesign Client requests [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] to
perform that is not specified in this document shall be considered
"additional" and will require separate agreement and payment.
[COMPANY/DEVELOPER] shall advise Client on any requested work that falls
within these bounds.


Authorization:


Client hereby authorizes [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] to access their web hosting
account, providing active user name / password combinations for access to
the server via FTP, assuring that 'write permissions' are in place on said
hosting provider.


Cancellation


This contract can be terminated by [CLIENT/COMPANY] by giving 30 days
written notice of the cancellation.


This contract can be terminated by [COMPANY/DEVELOPER] by giving 30 days
written notice of the cancellation to the Client.


If the final 30 day period would extend into another billing cycle, the
termination date of this contract will be the last day of that billing
cycle unless otherwise agreed upon by both [CLIENT/COMPANY] and
[COMPANY/DEVELOPER]. All outstanding payments will be due on the
termination date of this contract. A late fee of 10% will be charged for
every day the final payment is late.


Legal:


This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of California applicable therein.


Signing this document means you agree to the terms of this document
“Website Maintenance Agreement” on behalf of [CLIENT/COMPANY].

