
Date: [[DATE]]


Between us Inspired Worx and you [[CUSTOMER NAME]]


Summary:


We’ll always do our best to fulfil your needs and meet your expectations,
but it’s important to have things written down so that we both know what’s
what, who should do what and when, and what will happen if something goes
wrong. In this contract you won’t find any complicated legal terms or long
passages of unreadable text. We’ve no desire to trick you into signing
something that you might later regret. What we do want is what’s best for
both parties, now and in the future.


So in short;


You ([[CUSTOMER NAME]]), located at [[CUSTOMER ADDRESS]] are hiring us
(Inspired Worx) located at [[COMPANY ADDRESS]] to [[DESIGN AND DEVELOP A
WEB SITE]] for the estimated total price of [[TOTAL]] as outlined in our
previous correspondence. Of course it’s a little more complicated, but
we’ll get to that.


What do both parties agree to do?


You: You have the authority to enter into this contract on behalf of
yourself, your company or your organisation. You’ll give us everything we
need to complete the project as and when and in the format we need it.
You’ll review our work, provide feedback and approval in a timely manner
too. Deadlines work two ways, so you’ll also be bound by dates we set
together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set out at the
end of this contract.


Us: We have the experience and ability to do everything we’ve agreed with
you and we’ll do it all in a professional and timely manner. We’ll
endeavour to meet every deadline that’s set and on top of that we'll
maintain the confidentiality of everything you give us.


Getting down to the nitty gritty


Design


We create look-and-feel designs, and flexible layouts that adapt to the
capabilities of many devices and screen sizes. We create designs
iteratively and use predominantly HTML and CSS so we won’t waste time
mocking up every template as a static visual. We may use static visuals to
indicate a look-and-feel direction (colour, texture and typography.)


You’ll have opportunities to review our work and provide feedback. We will
act upon your feedback and make any changes to the Design and/or Build to
meet your requirements. Any major changes will need to be discussed and may
incur a separate fee, this is taking into consideration of extra time to
make the changes.


If, at any stage, you’re not happy with the direction our work is taking,
you’ll pay us in full for everything we’ve produced until that point and
cancel this contract.


Text content


We’re not responsible for writing or inputting any text copy. If you’d like
new content or input text for written you, we can provide details of
someone who can do this. They will of course, charge you for their
services.


Photographs and/or Graphics


You should supply graphic files in an editable, vector digital format. You
should supply photographs in a high resolution digital format. If you
choose to buy stock photographs, we can suggest stock libraries. If you’d
like us to search for photographs for you, we can provide a separate
estimate for that.


HTML, CSS and Javascript


We deliver templates developed from HTML5 markup, CSS2.1 + 3 stylesheets
for styling and unobtrusive Javascript for feature detection, poly-fills
and behaviours. We also use WordPress as our CMS of choice for client
sites.


Browser testing


Browser testing no longer means attempting to make a website look exactly
the same in browsers of different capabilities or on devices with different
size screens. It does mean ensuring that a person’s experience of a design
should be appropriate to the capabilities of a browser or device.


Desktop browser testing


We test our work in current versions of major desktop browsers including
those made by Apple (Safari), Google (Chrome), Microsoft (Internet
Explorer), Mozilla Firefox and Opera. We don't support Internet Explorer 9
and below for Windows and we won’t test in other older browsers unless you
specify otherwise. If you need an enhanced design for an older browser, we
can provide a separate estimate for that.


Mobile browser testing


Testing popular small-screen devices is essential in ensuring that a
person’s experience of a design is appropriate to the capabilities of the
device they’re using. We test our work in:


iOS: Safari, Google Chrome


Android 4.1: Google Chrome, Firefox


We currently don’t test Blackberry OS or Blackberry QNX, Opera Mobile,
Symbian or other mobile browsers. If you need us to test using these, we
can provide a separate estimate for that.


We cannot give any guarantees that your website will be perfect in each
browser, as testing on simulators rather than actual mobile devices can
give varying results, and the speed of which browsers and mobile software
changes would make it near impossible to keep track and test everything. We
of course, aim to make sure that the website is accessible as possible.


Timescales / Deadlines


We will require that both parties shall stick to any deadlines that are
discussed, which will include the start date and launch date as well as
providing any content, text, images, graphics and hosting / domain details
required.


Start Date: [[START DATE]], Completion Date: [[COMPLETION DATE]], Final
Payment Date:[[FINAL PAYMENT]].


Feedback must be replied to within 48hours of correspondence being sent
out, and you should aim to answer all queries in a timely manner for us to
complete the project within the deadlines agreed. If you do not provide the
required answers, feedback and/or details needed to complete the project by
the deadline agreed, then the project will be moved to the back of our
project list.


Once the development website has been uploaded for client viewing and
feedback, you will have 5 working days to submit any changes. If no changes
are submitted to us, then the website will be deemed as completed and final
payment will be due at the agreed date.


Required Details


We will require that you provide your website hosting control panel access
details, FTP details, domain name access details and any other access
details we require to complete our work by the start date of the project.


If you do not have any of these services then you don't need to worry about
that last statement.


We also require that any images, graphics and text content to be provided
by [[DATE HERE]]. We can and will use dummy content up until this date.


Technical support


We do provide website hosting for client websites if required. We hire our
hosting from another major hosting company and offer support for any
problems you may encounter. We work with others to fix any issues should
anything arise. We are happy to install your website onto the hosting of
your choice, but will need the required details before launch date.


If there are major issues with your current hosting provide then we have to
charge a separate fee for the extra time taken to install your website.


If there are any issues with your website within 30 days of the completion
date, we will look into this for you free of charge. Depending on what the
problem is, we may have to provide a separate fee. ie: if this isn't
something of our doing.


Changes and revisions


We know from experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely beneficial to
you, as they often limit you to your earliest ideas. We don’t want to limit
your ability to change your mind. The price at the beginning of this
contract is based on the length of time and expertise we estimate we’ll
need to accomplish everything you’ve told us you want to achieve, but we’re
happy to be flexible. If you want to change your mind or add anything new,
that won’t be a problem as we’ll provide a separate estimate for that.


Any changes outside of the scope of the project, will incur extra fees.
Which will be agreed upon at the time of the request. This includes design
changes, functionality and content changes.


Legal stuff


We can’t guarantee that our work will be error-free (we do multiple checks
of course at each step of the design/build process) and so we can’t be
liable to you or any third-party for damages, including lost profits, lost
savings or other incidental, consequential or special damages, even if
you’ve advised us of them. Finally, if any provision of this contract shall
be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision
shall be deemed severable from this contract and shall not affect the
validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.


Phew.


Copyrights


First, you guarantee that all elements of text, images or other artwork you
provide are either owned by your good selves, or that you’ve permission to
use them.


Then, when your final payment has cleared, copyright will be automatically
assigned as follows:


You’ll own the visual elements that we create for this project. We’ll give
you source files and finished files and you should keep them somewhere safe
as we’re not required to keep a copy. You own all elements of text, images
and data you provided, unless someone else owns them.


We’ll own the unique combination of these elements that constitutes a
complete design and we’ll license that you, exclusively and in perpetuity
for this project only, unless we agree otherwise. We can provide a separate
estimate for that.


We love to show off our work and share what we’ve learned with other
people, so we reserve the right, with your permission, to display and link
to your project as part of our portfolio and to write about it on websites,
in magazine articles and in books.


Payments


We’re sure you understand how important it is as a small business that you
pay the invoices that we send you promptly. As we’re also sure you’ll want
to stay friends, you agree to stick tight to the following payment
schedule.


Deposit of [[FEE]] will be required before [[START DATE]] to commence work.
Late payment will mean a delayed project and can incur further fees.


We will use our own hosting account to host the website whilst in the
development period for testing and your feedback. We will not upload the
site anywhere else until final payment.


Your website will be uploaded onto your hosting account only when the final
payment has been made, unless otherwise agreed by both parties.


But where’s all the horrible small print?


Just like a parking ticket, you can’t transfer this contract to anyone else
without our permission. This contract stays in place and need not be
renewed. If for some reason one part of this contract becomes invalid or
unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain in place.


Although the language is simple, the intentions are serious and this
contract is a legal document under exclusive jurisdiction of English and
Welsh courts.


Oh and don’t forget those men with big dogs.


The dotted line


Signed by and on behalf of Inspired Worx Signed by and on behalf of
[[CUSTOMER NAME]] Date [[DATE]]


Everyone should sign above and keep a copy for their records.

