

                           NICOLE MARIE PORTRAITS
                        WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY CONTRACT


Client Name: [NAME]


Date: [TODAY'S DATE]


CONTRACT FOR PHOTOGRAPHIC SERVICES


It is understood that Nicole Marie Portraits (Photographer) is the
exclusive, official photographer retained to perform photographic services
requested on this contract.


Photographer reserves the right to use negatives, RAW images, edited images
and/or reproductions for advertising, display, publication or other
purposes, not restricted to use on the web, Facebook, business cards, or
posters.


No part of any order, including previews, will be delivered until the
balance is paid in full. Payment for prints is required in full at the time
of placing an order. Prints will not be ordered until payment is made.


Original photographs are not included, only edits. Photographer retains the
right to edit the photographs and omit any image. It is understood that
Photographer will not deliver every exposure taken. Client agrees to abide
by Photographer’s editing decisions.


Client will receive photos on digital download/DVD/USB Drive with print
release for personal use. Digital download/DVD/USB Drive includes images
for printing and may be used on the web, Facebook, or email.


Client understands that when publishing photos on websites, i.e. personal
website, Facebook, etc., client will not edit the photos in any way, i.e.
editing the watermark, cropping, filters, etc.


Client is responsible for making a backup of all photos from the digital
download/USB/CD/DVD. Additional USB drives/CDs/DVDs may be purchased from
Photographer. Photographer will make every attempt to keep archival copies
of photos, but does not guarantee that they will be retained indefinitely.
Backup copies are for client use only and may not be distributed to others.


Client shall assist and cooperate with Photographer in obtaining desired
photographs. Photographer shall not be responsible for photographs not
taken as a result of Client’s failure to provide reasonable assistance or
cooperation. Client will be respectful to Photographer and all parties
being photographed. Photographer has the right to end the session, without
refund, if there is lack of cooperation or respect.


Client will not hold Photographer or the owner of the property liable for
any injury that may occur during the session.


The charges in this Contract are based on Photographer’s Standard Price
List. This price list is adjusted periodically and future orders shall be
charged at the prices in effect at the time the order is placed.


In the event Photographer files suit to enforce any term or condition
herein, Photographer is entitled to expenses of litigation, including
reasonable attorney fees.


NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT: It is ILLEGAL to copy or reproduce these photographs
without Photographer’s permission, and violators of this Federal Law will
be subject to its civil and criminal penalties.


Photographer retains copyright to the photographs. Printing and/or
distribution rights granted as noted below.


All retainers and payments are non-refundable.


This Contract incorporates the entire understanding of the parties.
Modification to this Contract must be in writing and signed by both
parties.


FOR WEDDINGS/EVENTS


Upon signature, Photographer shall reserve the date and time agreed upon,
and will not make any other reservation for that date and time. For this
reason, all retainers are non-refundable, even if the date of the wedding
is changed or wedding is cancelled for any reason.


A retainer is due at signing to hold the date. 1/3 of the total is due to
hold the date. 1/3 to be paid ninety (90) days before the date of the
wedding. The complete balance must be paid in full no later than thirty
(30) days before the date of the wedding. A $200 late fee will be assessed
for balances unpaid by thirty (30) days before the date of the wedding. All
retainers and payments are non-refundable, except as noted in the next
paragraph.


If Photographer cannot perform this Contract due to fire or other casualty,
act of God, or other cause beyond the control of the parties enacted upon
Photographer, or due to Photographer’s illness or emergency, then
Photographer shall return the retainer to Client, but shall have no further
liability with respect to the Contract. This limitation on liability shall
also apply in the event that photographic materials are damaged in
processing, lost through camera malfunction, or otherwise lost or damaged
without fault on the part of Photographer. In the event Photographer fails
to perform for any other reason, Photographer shall not be liable for any
amount in excess of the retail value of Client’s order.


Photographer recommends Client purchase insurance for the wedding or event.


Client agrees to provide meals for each photographer at the event reception
as well as adequate time for the meal (i.e. during the regular meal).


For events longer than eight (8) hours, one (1) meal for each photographer
will be provided.


Completion of processing and edits of a wedding may take up to six (6) to
eight (8) weeks for delivery.


TRAVEL


Travel within the Greater St. Louis, MO area is included in the session
fee. A travel fee for sessions outside of St. Louis may be added to the
cost of the contract. Travel fees are based on mileage to and from the
location and may change as necessary. All travel fees must be prepaid.


DIGITAL IMAGE AND PRINTS TERMS OF USE


Client may not reproduce the album or files in any way. Additional copies
may be purchased for a fee. The album is only for the owner (the paying
client) to print photographs (as noted in the release).


Client may not edit the photographs in any way. This includes, but is not
limited to, removal of watermarks, cropping, or using filters.


Printed photograph quality will depend on where it is printed. Only prints
printed through Photographer will be guaranteed for color and quality.
Client may print images at the professional photo lab of choice (excluding
one-hour labs at supermarkets and pharmacies).


If included, files in the “web” folder or with “web” in the name are
resized and sharpened for web viewing (i.e. Facebook, Flickr, Blogger).
These files are watermarked and should be used. Client should not print
these files. These files should be used on the Internet (web, Facebook, e-
mail, etc.).


Photographs may be used for advertisement (modeling, head shots, etc.) for
an additional fee. Credit to “Nicole Marie Portraits” must be given for the
photograph.


Photographs may not be entered in photo contests without expressed
permission from Photographer. An additional fee may be required for use.
Digital album downloads will be removed after ninety (90) days. A $25 fee
will be charged to repost digital album downloads.


Clients grant the Photographer and its legal representatives, heirs and
assigns, the irrevocable and unlimited consent to use the photographs of
the Clients for editorial, competition, advertising and any other purpose
and in any manner, to alter the photographs without restriction; and to
copyright the images. The Clients hereby release the Photographer and its
legal representatives, heirs and assigns from all liability and claims in
connection with the images.


RELEASE AND WAIVER OF LIABILITY


I, HAVING AGREED TO ACT AS A MODEL, HEREBY ASSUME ALL OF THE RISKS OF
PARTICIPATING AND/OR VOLUNTEERING IN THIS ACTIVITY OR EVENT, including by
way of example and not limitation, any risks that may arise from negligence
or carelessness on the part of the persons or entities being released, from
dangerous or defective equipment or property owned, maintained, or
controlled by them, or because of their possible liability without fault. I
certify that I am physically fit, have sufficiently prepared or trained for
participation in the activity or event, and have not been advised to not
participate by a qualified medical professional. I certify that there are
no health-related reasons or problems, which preclude my participation in
this activity or event. I acknowledge that this Accident Waiver and Release
of Liability Form will be used by the event holders, sponsors, and
organizers of the activity or event in which I may participate, and that it
will govern my actions and responsibilities at said activity or event. In
consideration of my application and permitting me to participate in this
event, I hereby take action for myself, my executors, administrators,
heirs, next of kin, successors, and assigns as follows:


1) I WAIVE, RELEASE, AND DISCHARGE from any and all liability, including
but not limited to, liability arising from the ordinary negligence of the
provider or fault of the entities or persons released, for my death,
disability, personal injury, property damage, property theft, or actions of
any kind which may hereafter occur to me including my traveling to and from
this event, THE FOLLOWING ENTITIES OR PERSONS: Velvet Lotus Photography
and/or their owners, directors, officers, employees, volunteers,
representatives, insurance carrier, and agents, the activity or event
holders, activity or event sponsors, activity or event volunteers;


2) I INDEMNIFY, HOLD HARMLESS, AND PROMISE NOT TO SUE the entities or
persons mentioned in the above paragraph from any and all liabilities or
claims made as a result of participation in this activity or event, whether
caused by the negligence of such entities or persons or otherwise.


I acknowledge that Nicole Marie Portraits and their owners, directors,
officers, employees, volunteers, representatives, insurance carrier, and
agents are NOT responsible for the errors, omissions, acts, or failures to
act of any party or entity conducting a specific event or activity on
behalf of Nicole Marie Portraits.


I acknowledge that this activity or event may involve physical activity,
and may carry with it the potential for death, serious injury, and property
loss. I hereby consent to receive medical treatment, which may be deemed
advisable in the event of injury, accident, and/or illness during this
activity or event.


I understand that at this event or related activities, I may be
photographed.


I acknowledge that flash photography or strobe lights may be used during
this event or activity.


I agree to allow my photo, video, or film likeness to be used for
legitimate purpose by the event holders, producers, sponsors, organizers,
and assigns. The accident waiver and release of liability shall be
construed broadly to provide a release and waiver to the maximum extent
permissible under applicable law.


I CERTIFY THAT I HAVE READ THIS DOCUMENT AND I FULLY UNDERSTAND ITS
CONTENT. I AM AWARE THAT THIS IS A RELEASE OF LIABILITY AND A CONTRACT AND
I SIGN IT OF MY OWN FREE WILL.


NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT


The Parties hereby agree as follows:


1. For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" shall mean
any and all non-public information the Company has disclosed or may
disclose to the Recipient, including but not limited to information related
to: production of legal materials, software development and design,
business or software architecture, software not yet known to the public,
clients or prospective clients, internal communications, events, or
meetings, or any other research, development, operations, marketing,
transactions, regulatory affairs, discoveries, inventions, methods,
processes, articles, materials, algorithms, formulas, specifications,
designs, drawings, data, strategies, plans, prospects, know-how and ideas,
whether tangible or intangible, and including all copies, analyses and
other derivatives thereof.


2. The Recipient agrees (i) not to disclose any Confidential Information or
any information derived therefrom to any third person, (ii) to keep the
Company’s Confidential Information confidential and take all the reasonable
precautions to protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information
with the same degree of care with which it protects the confidentiality of
its own confidential information, but in no event with less than a
reasonable degree of care, and (iii) not to use any Confidential
Information for any purpose whatsoever except to advance the legitimate
business interests of the Company under written or oral instruction of the
Company’s authorized officers.


3. All right, title, and interest in and to the Confidential Information
shall remain with Company or its licensors. Nothing in this Agreement is
intended to grant any rights to Recipient under any patents, copyrights,
trademarks, or trade secrets of Company.


4. The validity, construction and enforceability of this Agreement shall be
governed in all respects by the law of the State of Delaware. This
Agreement may not be amended except in writing signed by a duly authorized
representative of the respective Parties. This Agreement shall control in
the event of a conflict with any other agreement between the Parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. The failure of either party to
enforce its rights under this Agreement at any time for any period shall
not be construed as a waiver of such rights.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date
first above written.


CLIENT INFORMATION

|PRIMARY CONTACT:                 |SECONDARY CONTACT:                   |
|[CONTACT NAME]                   |[CONTACT NAME-2]                     |
|STREET ADDRESS:                  |STREET ADDRESS:                      |
|[ADDRESS]                        |[ADDRESS-2]                          |
|CITY, STATE, ZIP:                |CITY, STATE, ZIP:                    |
|[CITY,STATE,ZIP]                 |[CITY,STATE,ZIP-2]                   |
|PHONE:                           |PHONE:                               |
|[PHONE]                          |[PHONE-2]                            |
|E-MAIL:                          |EMAIL:                               |
|[EMAIL]                          |[EMAIL-2]                            |


WEDDINGS/EVENTS

|CEREMONY LOCATION:                 |RECEPTION LOCATION:                |
|[CEREMONY LOCATION]                |[RECEPTION LOCATION]               |
|STREET ADDRESS:                    |STREET ADDRESS:                    |
|[ADDRESS-3]                        |[ADDRESS-4]                        |
|CITY, STATE, ZIP:                  |CITY, STATE, ZIP:                  |
|[CITY,STATE,ZIP-3]                 |[CITY,STATE,ZIP-4]                 |
|DATE/TIME:                         |DATE/TIME:                         |
|[DATE/TIME]                        |[DATE/TIME-2]                      |
|# IN WEDDING PARTY:                |# OF BRIDESMAIDS:                  |
|[# IN PARTY]                       |[# BRIDESMAID]                     |
|# OF GUEST (ESTIMATE):             |# OF GROOMSMEN:                    |
|[# GUESTS]                         |[# GROOMSMEN]                      |

FEES


PACKAGE SELECTED: [PACKAGE & HOURS]


    • TRAVEL $[TRAVEL FEE]
    • RETAINER $[RETAINER FEE]
    • SESSION TOTAL $[SESSION TOTAL]
    • AMOUNT PAID $[AMOUNT PAID] DATE PAID: [DATE]
    • BALANCE DUE $[BALANCE DUE]


INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR PHOTOGRAPHY SESSION


I thank you for selecting me as your photographers for this special
occasion. I have a few recommendations that will help ensure you get the
most out of your session.


Please show up promptly at the designated time. Many times sessions may be
scheduled after yours. Arriving late may cut into the time devoted to your
session. For most sessions, it is best to arrive 10 minutes early.


Please leave your cameras and cell phones in the car. Your session will go
much easier without the distraction of other cameras or the need to answer
a cell phone. I reserve the right to ask you to put away cameras and cell
phones.


If you feel I did a great job photographing you and your family, please
give me a hug. I love hugs and I hope that you enjoy working with us as
much as I do with you.

