

WHAT DO THE PARTIES AGREE TO?


As our customer, you have the power and ability to enter into this contract
on behalf of your company or organization. You agree to provide us with
everything that we’ll need to complete the project including text, images
and other information as and when we need it and in the format we ask for.
You agree to review our work, provide feedback and approval in a timely
manner too. Deadlines work two ways and you’ll also be bound by any dates
that we set together. You also agree to stick to the payment schedule set
out at the end of this contract.


We have the experience and ability to perform the services you need from us
and we will carry them out in a professional and timely manner. Along the
way we will endeavor to meet all the deadlines set but we can’t be
responsible for a missed launch date or a deadline if you have been late in
supplying materials or have not approved or signed off our work on-time at
any stage. On top of this we’ll also maintain the confidentiality of any
information that you give us.


DESIGN & DEVELOPMENT


We’ll create designs for the look-and-feel, layout and functionality of
your web site. This contract includes one main design plus the opportunity
for you to make up to two rounds of revisions. If you’re not happy with the
designs at this stage, you will pay us in full for all of the work that we
have produced until that point and you may either terminate this contract
or continue to commission WiseOne Ltd. to produce further design revisions
at the hourly rate set forth within this scope.


HTML5 & CSS LAYOUT TEMPLATES


If the project includes HTML markup and CSS templates, we’ll develop these
using HTML5 and CSS2.1 and CSS3 for styling. The landscape of web browsers
and devices changes regularly and our approach is to look forward, not
back. With that in mind we will test all our markup and CSS in current
versions of all major desktop browsers to ensure that we make the most from
them. Users of older or less capable browsers or devices will experience a
design that is appropriate to the capabilities of their software. For
people using Microsoft Internet Explorer 6, this means a universal,
typographically focussed design but no layout. We will also test that these
templates perform well on Apple’s iPad.


We will not test old or abandoned browsers, for example Microsoft Internet
Explorer 5 or 5.5 for Windows or Mac, previous versions of Apple’s Safari,
Mozilla Firefox or Opera unless otherwise specified. If you need us to
consider these older browsers, we will charge you at the daily rate set out
in our original estimate for any necessary additional design work,
development and testing.


COPY WRITING: COPY & CONTENT


The task of creating copy is one that resides with the business owner or a
representative that knows the business best. Much can be taken from current
documents you may have already developed, whether its a business plan,
yearly reports, or a current website. As a brand agency, we are highly
capable or producing fresh creative brand centric search focused copy for
your startup website, or rebranding campaigns. Some companies steal copy
from competitors websites and change out the titles. This method is
referred to in the industry as scraping content and is highly discouraged
as most always detected by Google's duplicate content algorithms and leads
to a decrease in your websites search ranking.


We’ll be happy to help provide you with fresh, brand centric, search
optimized copy writing for your business as an additional service, or we
are happy to outsource with a preferred provider, but in terms of site
development and structure, we’re currently not responsible for writing or
inputting any text copy within the scope of this agreement unless you have
selected one of our Web Copy Packages and it is itemized in your quote.


We highly recommend a WiseOne Ltd - Brand Audit or our WiseOne Ltd -
Competitive Industry Analysis to help discover your brand's core message
and measure your industry's local or national competitors to assist in the
process of establishing and communicating your brand's uniqueness most
effectively and developing a strategic plan to outrank your search
competition. Any means to establish new creative copy on our part is
considered an additional service to this estimate and is billable at the
following rates:

WEB COPY: $150-$500 per webpage - most basic websites cost $950-$1,500,
while larger, more content-rich websites cost $2,500-$4,500 and up


WEB CONTENT: (fresh content every month): $750-$950 per month, for at least
six months.

For more specific details please see our WiseOneWeb Content Package.


VIDEO & PHOTOGRAPHY


You will supply us any photographs and/or video content in a digital format
via storage device, or file transfer over our shared Dropbox.com account.
If you choose to buy stock photographs or video elements, we can suggest
vendors of stock photography or video or you can hire our production
department to capture custom images and or produce video on location or
inside our 8000 sq. ft. green screen and white cove cyc wall equipped
production facility,www.studiospaceatl.com. We are fully capable of meeting
all of your project’s production needs, but in the event that you still
require stock from a 3rd party vendor, we will bill separately at our
hourly rate for any additional time spent on assisting you in searching for
and securing any such media assets.


CHANGES & REVISIONS


We know from plenty of experience that fixed-price contracts are rarely
beneficial to you, as they often limit you to your first idea about how
something should look, or how it might work. We don’t want to limit either
your options or your opportunities to change your mind.


The estimate/quotation prices within this document are based on the amount
of time that we estimate we’ll need to accomplish everything that you have
told us you want to achieve. If you do want to change your mind, add extra
pages or templates or even add new functionality, that won’t be a problem.
You will be charged the hourly rate set out in the estimate we gave you. We
ask that you submit any change requests in writing through the comments
section of the our invoicing software so we can keep track of changes.


TECH SUPPORT SERVICES


3 Month Service Warranty - Included with purchase of a new website


We agree to provide commercially reasonable technical support and
assistance to maintain and update the deliverables, including correcting
any errors for up to 3 months after site launch. This warranty service
shall not include the development of "enhancements" to the project or other
services outside the scope of this proposal. Any additional support needs
shall be covered by a separate agreement, or billed for at the hourly rate
that is in effect upon the date of the request for additional support.


Service Warranty Limitations


Our service warranty is specific to the site software that we employ for
your particular project. We can provide you with hosting on our dedicated
server, or we will be happy to work with your current hosting. We will
charge you a one-off fee (included in this estimate) for installing your
website on any specified server, plus any software outlined within this
scope, but after initial setup, any support issues that arise from hosting
issues will be between you and your hosting service provider. If you select
WiseOneWeb as your hosting provider, the hosting service warranty is
separate from this agreement and covered in the details of that contract.
We are highly capable and always happy to provide you with assistance in
troubleshooting outside hosting solutions or any DNS complications, but
please be aware that you will be billed per our hourly consulting rate at
the time of service request.


Extended Maintenance Programs


Upon expiration of your website’s included 3 month warranty service period
and at your option, WiseOneWeb.com can provide additional technical support
services for a monthly fee of:


$55/month for 6 months or $35/month for 12 months.


You may extend the monthly maintenance period at any time upon mutual
written agreement and purchase. Please be aware that extended maintenance
only covers reasonable support requests if your website goes down, or if
you mess something up and need us to repair something or request minor
changes and updates to plugins and theme templates. Any consulting to help
with the marketing of your website or produce external listings, or search
related campaigns for increased website traffic or increased conversions is
not covered within an extended maintenance package.


ENHANCEMENTS


During the maintenance period, if you desire the need to request that we
develop any “enhancements” to the deliverables, we will exercise
commercially reasonable efforts to prioritize our resources to create such
enhancements. We ask that you understand that preexisting obligations to
other clients on the date of your request may slightly delay the immediate
execution of any such requested enhancements, however we will be happy to
provide you with an additional time & cost proposal for any such requests.


50% RETAINER DEPOSIT UP FRONT


If you wish to secure our services we will need to set aside time for your
project to be completed and to keep us from turning down or setting aside
other paying work. We ask that a retainer deposit be made in advance before
we begin any design to secure our obligation and expediency.


PAYMENTS SCHEDULE


[Remainder payment schedule to be set forth and solidified upon final
agreement]


Additional payments can be made to the total invoice upon reaching certain
goals, milestones, or art approvals, depending on the nature of your
project, we ask that you make yourself available to meet in person (or
possible via web conferencing) to look over and discuss these factors and
plan out all subsequent milestones and payments.


All invoices are payable upon receipt of invoice.

WiseOneWeb will work to develop your website in maintenance mode, with a
launch countdown or progress bar displaying outward to a test domain, or
live domain. We will grant you and any project support representatives
administrative access to the development through a user account so that you
may view our progress and assist in uploading and editing content. Your
website WILL NOT LAUNCH LIVE to the internet or be indexable to search
engines or viewable to the general public if accounts are not current or
overdue invoices are not paid in full.


LATE PAYMENTS


Please understand that a late payment may setback any agreed production
schedules so prompt payment of any recurring or monthly invoicing
notification is necessary to ensure our dedication to any agreed upon
production goals and timelines commitments. In the event that you lack
sufficient funding to secure timely payment, please make an effort to give
us at least 3 days notice via a phone call or e-mail.


A 1.5 percent daily service charge is payable on all overdue balances.
Payments will be credited 1st to any accrued late payment fees and next to
the unpaid balance. You shall be responsible for all collection or legal
fees necessitated by late or default in payment. All grants of any license
to use or transfer of ownership of any intellectual property rights under
this agreement are conditioned upon receipt of payment in full which shall
be inclusive of any and all outstanding additional costs, taxes, expenses
and fees, charges or the costs of changes.


COPYRIGHTS


You guarantee to us that any elements of text, graphics, photos, designs,
trademarks, or other artwork that you provide us for inclusion in the web
site are either owned by your good selves, or that you have permission to
use them.


You will be responsible for proof reading and approving all submitted text
before publication. In the event that you approve deliverables but errors
such as typographic errors, misspelling errors, or errors in grammar remain
in the finished product, you shall incur any cost of correcting such errors
or correct them at your own discretion.


When we receive your final payment, copyright is automatically assigned to
you as follows: You will own the graphics and other visual elements that we
create for this project. We’ll give you a copy of all the output files and
you should store them safely as we are not required to keep them or provide
any native source files we used to make them.


You also own text content, photographs and other data you provided, unless
someone else owns them. In the event that we create custom photography for
you, rights will be included in that project separately. We own the markup,
CSS and other code and we license it to you for use on only this project.
All Third Party Materials are the exclusive property of their respective
owners. If any third party materials that you may be required to license
are needed, we will inform you first and then obtain any license necessary
to carry on. In the event you fail to properly secure any necessary license
we will not be held liable of any damages, liabilities, costs, losses or
expenses arising out of any claim, demand, or action by a third party
arising out of your failure to obtain copyright, trademark, publicity,
privacy, defamation or other releases or permissions with respect to
materials included in the final design.


We love to show off our work and share what we have learned with other
people, so we reserve the right to display and link to your completed
project as part of our portfolio and to write about the project on web
sites, in magazine articles and in books about web design.


DESIGNER AGENTS


WiseOne Ltd. shall be permitted to engage and/or use third party designers
or other service providers as independent contractors in connection with
the Services (“Design Agents”). Notwithstanding, WiseOne Ltd. shall remain
fully responsible for such design agents’ compliance with the various terms
and conditions of this agreement.


NO EXCLUSIVITY


The parties expressly acknowledge that this agreement does not create an
exclusive relationship between the parties. You are free to engage others
to perform services of the same or similar nature to those provided by
WiseOne Ltd., and we are entitled to offer and provide design services to
others, solicit other clients and freely advertise our services. You can’t
transfer this contract to anyone else without our permission. This contract
stays in place and need not be renewed. If for some reason one part of this
contract becomes invalid or unenforceable, the remaining parts of it remain
in place.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY


THE SERVICES AND THE WORK PRODUCTS OF WISEONE LTD. ARE SOLD “AS IS.” IN ALL
CIRCUMSTANCES, THE MAXIMUM LIABILITY OF WISONE LTD., ITS DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DESIGN AGENTS AND AFFILIATES (“DESIGNER PARTIES”), TO
CLIENT FOR DAMAGES FOR ANY AND ALL CAUSES WHATSOEVER, AND CLIENT’S MAXIMUM
REMEDY, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER INCONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE NET PROFIT OF WISEONE LTD. FOR THIS
SPECIFIC PROJECT.


LAST BIT OF LEGAL STUFF


We can not guarantee that the functions contained in any web page templates
or in the completed web site will always be error-free, especially if we
train you or a member of your organization to maintain it, or if you use a
third party to make modifications, so we can’t be liable to you or any
third party for damages, including lost profits, lost savings or other
incidental, consequential or special damages arising out of the operation
of or inability to operate this web site and any other web pages, even if
you have advised us of the possibilities of such damages.


If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.

