
                        WORK MADE FOR HIRE AGREEMENT


This Work Made For Hire Agreement (“Agreement”) is effective as of the
signing of this agreement, and entered into by and between the developer
set forth in signature block below FishGate Productions (“Developer”) and
[SHERRY BUTLER] (“ Client”).


THE CLIENT, SHERRY BUTLER AND DEVELOPER AGREE AS FOLLOWS:


1. Video. Developer agrees to develop theVideo as described below and
further defined in the attached Exhibit A.


2. Ownership and Assignment of the Video.


a. Developer and [THE CLIENT] intend this Agreement to be a contract for
services and each considers the products and results of the services to be
rendered by Developer hereunder (the “Video”) to be a work made for hire.
Developer acknowledges and agrees that the Video (and all rights therein,
including, without limitation, copyright and patent) belongs to and shall
be the sole and exclusive property of the Client .


b. If for any reason the Video would not be considered a work made for hire
under applicable law, Developer does hereby sell, assign, and transfer to
the Client, its successors and assigns, the entire right, title and
interest in and to the copyright and patent in the Video and any
registrations and applications relating thereto and any renewals and
extensions thereof, and in and to all videos based upon, derived from, or
incorporating the Video, and in and to all income, royalties, damages,
claims and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto,
and in and to all causes of action, either in law or in equity for past,
present, or future infringement based on the copyrights and patents, and in
and to all rights corresponding to the foregoing throughout the world.


c. Developer agrees to execute all papers and to perform such other proper
acts as necessary to secure for the Clientor its designee the rights herein
assigned.


3. Delivery of the Video.


a. The Developer will deliver the Video to the Client on or before the date
set forth on the attached Exhibit A (with all illustrations, charts,
graphs, and other material, including, reference lists, etc., in the medium
mutually agreed upon for the Video) in form and content satisfactory to the
the Client.


4. Developer’s Warranty. The Developer warrants that it is the sole owner
and creator of the Video and has full power and authority to make this
Agreement; that the Video does not infringe any copyright, violate any
property rights, or contain any scandalous, libelous, or unlawful matter.
The Developer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Clientand/or
its licensees against all claims, suits, costs, damages, and expenses that
the Client and/or its licensees may sustain by reason of any scandalous,
libelous, or unlawful matter contained or alleged to be contained in the
Video or any infringement or violation by the Video of any copyright,
patent or other intellectual property right; and until such claim or suit
has been settled or withdrawn, the Client may withhold any sums due the
Developer under this Agreement.


5. Consideration. In consideration for delivery of theVideo in accordance
with the provisions of this Agreement, The Client shall pay Developer the
amount set forth on the attached Exhibit A.


6. General.


a. This Agreement is governed by applicable federal law and regulations and
the law of Arizona, without regard for its choice of law provisions.


b. This Agreement represents the parties’ entire understanding with respect
to the Video and supersedes any prior agreements or discussions, written or
oral regarding same.


c. This Agreement may be modified only by written amendment signed by the
parties' officers or authorized designees.


d. If either party fails to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, that failure is not a waiver of the right or remedy for any
other breach or failure by the other party.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the
date set forth above.


                                  EXHIBIT A


The Video: A thirty (30) second, high definition, video commercial in a
format suitable for internet and website broadcasting. The Developer will
present a rough cut, secondary cut with the Clients proposed changes and a
fine cut for the Clients final approval and signature of acceoptance. If
the client, for any reason, cannot complete or approve the final video, the
deposit is not refundable and the agreement null and void.


Delivery Date: On or before December 15, 2012


Consideration: $400.00. A deposit of $200.00 due at the signing of this
agreement, with the balance of $200.00 due upon delivery.

