
This is an Agreement between [NAME OF ARTIST], hereinafter Artist and
Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica.


This Agreement covers the preparation of Mr. Teacher and Panda discussed in
email exchange between the two parties and submission of ideas and
materials therefor. Artist will receive a total fee of $ upon satisfactory
completion. Artist will deliver to Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica on or
before September 31st, 2014 the Mr Teacher and Panda in form and content
satisfactory to them.


Artist is an independent contractor. This work is considered work-for-hire
under the United States Copyright Act of 1976. All concepts, ideas, copy,
sketches, art- work, electronic files and other materials related to it
will become the property of Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica. Artist
acknowledges that Mr Teacher and Panda is being created by Artist for use
by Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica.


At Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica's sole and absolute discretion, they
may make any changes in, deletions from, or additions to . Michael Saver
and Andrew Bratica is not under any obligation to use or derivative
materials.


Artist acknowledges that is being created by artist for use by Michael
Saver and Andrew Bratica and that is a work made for hire under the United
States Copyright Act of 1976. At all stages of development, the shall be
and remain the sole and exclusive property of Michael Saver and Andrew
Bratica. If for any reason the results and proceeds of Artist's services
hereunder are determined at any time not to be a work made for hire, Artist
hereby assigns to Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica all right, title and
interest therein, including all copyrights as well as renewals and
extensions thereto.


Credit for the work shall read: , provided that a substantial portion of
Artist's work is used in Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica's final product.
No inadvertent failure by Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica to comply with
the credit line shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.


Artist represents and warrants to Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica that to
the best of his/her knowledge the concepts, ideas, copy sketches, artwork,
electronic files and other materials produced do not infringe on any
copyright or personal or proprietorial rights of others, and that he/she
has the unencumbered right to enter into this Agreement.


Artist will indemnify Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica from any damage or
loss, including attorney's fees, rising out of any breach of this warranty.


Artist grants Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica the right to issue and
authorize publicity concerning Artist and to use Artist's name and approved
biographical data in connection with the distribution and advertising of
the project.


Any proprietary information, trade secrets and working relationships
between Artist and Michael Saver and Andrew Bratica and its clients must be
considered strictly confidential, and may not be disclosed to any third
party, either directly or indirectly.


With reasonable cause, either party reserves the right to cancel this
Agreement without obligation by giving 30 days written notice to the other
party of the intent to terminate. In the event that either party shall be
in default of its material obligations under this Ageement and shall fail
to remedy such default within 60 days after receipt of written notice
thereof, this Agreement shall terminate upon expiration of the 60 days
period. Should Artist's commission be cancelled or postponed for any reason
before the final stage, Creative Firm agrees to pay a cancellation fee
based on work completed.



Please indicate acceptance of the terms set forth above by signing this
Agreement.




[AUG 20, 2014]

