

                           WORK FOR HIRE AGREEMENT


   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Purpose. This is an Agreement between [ARTIST'S NAME] of [ARTIST'S
COMPANY], hereinafter "Artist", normally doing business at [ARTIST'S
ADDRESS] and [CLIENT'S NAME] of [CLIENT'S COMPANY], hereinafter "Client",
normally doing business at [CLIENT'S ADDRESS].


Project. Client commissions Artist to: [DESIGN A WEBSITE, WRITE A BLOG
POST, PHOTOGRAPH A CONCERT, ETC. BE SPECIFIC.] (“Works”).


Payment. Client will incrementally make requests for creative works. Artist
will determine time and cost then get approval to proceed. Artist will
submit draft quality proofs when done. Upon satisfactory completion, Client
shall pay Artist and Artist will verify payment. When payment is verified,
the Artist will provide full production quality versions and sources of the
work promptly.


Copyright Ownership.


    • Work for Hire. The Works are considered work-for-hire under the United
      States Copyright Act of 1976. All concepts, ideas, copy, sketches, art-
       work, electronic files and other materials related to it will become
      the property of Client. Artist acknowledges that the Works are being
      created by Artist for use by Client.
    • Back-up Assignment. If any portion of the Artist's work is not the
      type of work that can be a work for hire, then the Artist hereby
      assigns all copyright and all other rights in the work to the Client.
      The Artist cannot revoke this assignment.


Original Work. Artist represents and warrants to Client that to the best of
his/her knowledge the concepts, ideas, copy sketches, artwork, electronic
files and other materials produced do not infringe on any copyright or
personal or proprietorial rights of others, and that he/she has the
unencumbered right to enter into this Agreement.


Independent Contractor. Artist is an independent contractor, not an
employee. Client will not withhold any taxes.


Applicable Law. The laws of [APPLICABLE LAW STATE] apply to this Agreement.


Disputes. Disputes will be settled by arbitration in [ARBITRATION CITY].
The parties consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in
[COURT CITY OR STATE].


Non-Disclosure. Any proprietary information, trade secrets and working
relationships between Artist and Client and its associates must be
considered strictly confidential, and may not be disclosed to any third
party, either directly or indirectly.


Indemnification. Artist will indemnify Client from any damage or loss,
including attorney's fees, rising out of any breach of this warranty.


Please indicate acceptance of the terms set forth above by signing this
Agreement.


[DATE]

