
                        WORK MADE FOR HIRE AGREEMENT


This Work Made For Hire Agreement (“Agreement”) is effective as of [DATE],
and entered into by and between the developer set forth in signature block
below (“Developer”) and [YOUR COMPANY NAME] (“[YOUR COMPANY NAME]”).


[YOUR COMPANY NAME] AND DEVELOPER AGREE AS FOLLOWS:


1.     Video.  Developer agrees to develop theVideo as described below and
further defined in the attached Exhibit A.


 2.     Ownership and Assignment of the Video.


 a.     Developer and  [YOUR COMPANY NAME] intend this Agreement to be a
contract for services and each considers the products and results of the
services to be rendered by Developer hereunder (the “Video”) to be a work
made for hire. Developer acknowledges and agrees that the Video (and all
rights therein, including, without limitation, copyright and patent)
belongs to and shall be the sole and exclusive property of [YOUR COMPANY
NAME] .


 b.     If for any reason the Video would not be considered a work made for
hire under applicable law, Developer does hereby sell, assign, and transfer
to  [YOUR COMPANY NAME], its successors and assigns, the entire right,
title and interest in and to the copyright and patent in the Video and any
registrations and applications relating thereto and any renewals and
extensions thereof, and in and to all videos based upon, derived from, or
incorporating the Video, and in and to all income, royalties, damages,
claims and payments now or hereafter due or payable with respect thereto,
and in and to all causes of action, either in law or in equity for past,
present, or future infringement based on the copyrights and patents, and in
and to all rights corresponding to the foregoing throughout the world.


 c.      Developer agrees to execute all papers and to perform such other
proper acts as  [YOUR COMPANY NAME]  may deem necessary to secure for
 [YOUR COMPANY NAME] or its designee the rights herein assigned.


 3.     Delivery of the Video.


 a.     The Developer will deliver to the Video to  [YOUR COMPANY NAME]  on
or before the date set forth on the attached Exhibit A (with all
illustrations, charts, graphs, and other material, including, reference
lists, etc., in the medium mutually agreed upon for the Video) in form and
content satisfactory to the  [YOUR COMPANY NAME].


4.     Developer’s Warranty.  The Developer warrants that it is the sole
owner and creator of the Video and has full power and authority to make
this Agreement; that the Video does not infringe any copyright, violate any
property rights, or contain any scandalous, libelous, or unlawful matter.
The Developer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless  [YOUR COMPANY
NAME] and/or its licensees against all claims, suits, costs, damages, and
expenses that  [YOUR COMPANY NAME] and/or its licensees may sustain by
reason of any scandalous, libelous, or unlawful matter contained or alleged
to be contained in the Video or any infringement or violation by the Video
of any copyright, patent or other intellectual property right; and until
such claim or suit has been settled or withdrawn,  [YOUR COMPANY NAME] may
withhold any sums due the Developer under this Agreement.


 5.     Consideration.  In consideration for delivery of theVideo in
accordance with the provisions of this Agreement,  [YOUR COMPANY
NAME] shall pay Developer the amount set forth on the attached Exhibit A.


 6.     General.


 a.     This Agreement is governed by applicable federal law and
regulations and the law of New York, without regard for its choice of law
provisions.


b.     This Agreement represents the parties’ entire understanding with
respect to the Video and supersedes any prior agreements or discussions,
written or oral regarding same.


 c.      This Agreement may be modified only by written amendment signed by
the parties' officers or authorized designees.


d.     If either party fails to enforce any right or remedy under this
Agreement, that failure is not a waiver of the right or remedy for any
other breach or failure by the other party.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have duly executed this Agreement as of the
date set forth above. 


 


                                  EXHIBIT A


                                       


The Video:                [ENTER SCOPE OF WORK]


 


Delivery date:           [DUE DATE]


 


Consideration:          [PAYMENT AMOUNT]   


 

