
This is an Agreement between [NAME OF ARTIST], hereinafter Artist, normally
doing business at [FULL ADDRESS] and[NAME OF CREATIVE FIRM], hereinafter
Creative Firm, normally doing business at [FULL ADDRESS].


This Agreement covers the preparation of [PROJECT TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] 
further described in [ADDENDUM] and submission of ideas and materials
therefor.  Artist will receive a total fee of $[FEE] upon satisfactory
completion.  Artist will deliver to Creative Firm on or before agreed date
the [PROJECT TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] in form and content satisfactory to
creative firm.


Artist is an independent contractor.  This work is considered work-for-hire
under the United States Copyright Act of 1976.  All concepts, ideas, copy,
sketches, art- work, electronic files and other materials related to it
will become the property of Creative Firm.  Artist acknowledges that
[PROJECT TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] is being created by Artist for use by
Creative Firm.


At Creative Firm's sole and absolute discretion, Creative Firm may make any
changes in, deletions from, or additions to [PROJECT TITLE OR
DESCRIPTION].  Creative Firm is not under any obligation to use [PROJECT
TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] or derivative materials.


Artist acknowledges that [PROJECT TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] is being created by
artist for use by Creative Firm and that [PROJECT TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] is
a work made for hire under the United States Copyright Act of 1976.  At all
stages of development, the [PROJECT TITLE OR DESCRIPTION] shall be and
remain the sole and exclusive property of Creative Firm.  If for any reason
the results and proceeds of Artist's services hereunder are determined at
any time not to be a work made for hire, Artist hereby assigns to Creative
Firm all right, title and interest therein, including all copyrights as
well as renewals and extensions thereto.


Credit for the work shall read: [CREDIT TO ARTIST], provided that a
substantial portion of Artist's work is used in Creative Firm's final
product.  No inadvertent failure by Creative Firm to comply with the credit
line shall constitute a breach of this Agreement.


Artist represents and warrants to Creative Firm that to the best of his/her
knowledge the concepts, ideas, copy sketches, artwork, electronic files and
other materials produced do not infringe on any copyright or personal or
proprietorial rights of others, and that he/she has the unencumbered right
to enter into this Agreement.    


Artist will indemnify Creative Firm from any damage or loss, including
attorney's fees, rising out of any breach of this warranty.


Artist grants Creative Firm the right to issue and authorize publicity
concerning Artist and to use Artist's name and approved biographical data
in connection with the distribution and advertising of the project.


Any proprietary information, trade secrets and working relationships
between Artist and Creative Firm and its clients must be considered
strictly confidential, and may not be disclosed to any third party, either
directly or indirectly.


With reasonable cause, either party reserves the right to cancel this
Agreement without obligation by giving 30 days written notice to the other
party of the intent to terminate.  In the event that either party shall be
in default of its material obligations under this Ageement and shall fail
to remedy such default within 60 days after receipt of written notice
thereof, this Agreement shall terminate upon expiration of the 60 day
period.  Should Artist's commission be cancelled or postponed for any
reason before the final stage, Creative Firm agrees to pay a cancellation
fee based on work completed.



Please indicate acceptance of the terms set forth above by signing this
Agreement.




[DATE]


