
(i) Transmit or post any content or language which, in the sole and
absolute discretion of Blizzard, is deemed to be offensive, including
without limitation content or language that is unlawful, harmful,
threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, hateful,
sexually explicit, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, nor
may you use a misspelling or an alternative spelling to circumvent the
content and language restrictions listed above;


(ii) Carry out any action with a disruptive effect, such as intentionally
causing the Chat screen to scroll faster than other users are able to read,
or setting up macros with large amounts of text that, when used, can have a
disruptive effect on the normal flow of Chat;


(iii) Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue in Chat or otherwise act in a
manner that negatively affects other users including without limitation
posting commercial solicitations and/or advertisements for goods and
services available outside of the World of Warcraft universe;


(iv) Sending repeated unsolicited or unwelcome messages to a single user or
repeatedly posting similar messages in a Chat area, including without
limitation continuous advertisements to sell goods or services;


(v) Communicate or post any user's personal information in the Game, or on
websites or forums related to the Game, except that a user may communicate
his or her own personal information in a private message directed to a
single user;


(vi) Harass, threaten, stalk, embarrass or cause distress, unwanted
attention or discomfort to any user of the Game;


(vii) Participate in any action that, in the sole and absolute opinion of
Blizzard, results or may result in an authorized user of the Game being
"scammed" or defrauded out of gold, weapons, armor, or any other items that
user has earned through authorized game play in the Game;


(viii) Communicate directly with players who are playing characters aligned
with the opposite faction (e.g. Horde communicating with Alliance or vice
versa); or


(ix) Impersonate any real person, including without limitation any "game
master" or any other Blizzard agent or employee, nor may you communicate in
the Game in any way designed to make others believe that your message
constitutes a server message or was otherwise posted by any Blizzard agent
or employee.

