
This Action by Unanimous Written Consent and all of the Series AA financing
documents on this website have been prepared by Wilson Sonsini Goodrich &
Rosati for informational purposes only and do not constitute advertising, a
solicitation, or legal advice. Transmission of such materials and
information contained herein is not intended to create, and receipt thereof
does not constitute formation of, an attorney-client relationship. Internet
subscribers and online readers should not rely upon this information for
any purpose without seeking legal advice from a licensed attorney in the
reader’s state. The information contained in this website is provided only
as general information and may or may not reflect the most current legal
developments; accordingly, information on this website is not promised or
guaranteed to be correct or complete. Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
expressly disclaims all liability in respect to actions taken or not taken
based on any or all the contents of this website. Further, Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati does not necessarily endorse, and is not responsible for,
any third-party content that may be accessed through this website.


[COMPANY NAME]


Action By Unanimous Written Consent of the Board of Directors


 In accordance with Sections 108(c) and 141(f) of the Delaware General
Corporation Law and the Bylaws of [Company name], a Delaware corporation
(the “Company”), the undersigned, constituting all of the members of the
Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”), hereby adopt the following
resolutions effective as of the last date of execution set forth below:


Authorization of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation


WHEREAS, the Board deems it advisable, and in the best interests of the
Company, to amend and restate the Certificate of Incorporation of the
Company in its entirety in connection with a Series AA Preferred Stock
financing.


NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED: That the Company amend and restate its
Certificate of Incorporation to (i) increase the authorized number of
shares of Common Stock from [________] shares to [_______] shares, (ii)
create a new class of stock, designated Preferred Stock, consisting of
[_______] shares, which are all to be designated Series AA Preferred Stock,
(iiii) establish the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of
the Common Stock and the Series AA Preferred Stock and (iv) make certain
other changes.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Restated
Certificate”), is hereby approved, adopted and confirmed.


RESOLVED FURTHER: That the proper officers of the Company are, and each
hereby is, authorized and directed (i) to seek stockholder approval of the
Restated Certificate, and once the requisite stockholder approval has been
obtained, (ii) to execute, verify and file with the Delaware Secretary of
State such Restated Certificate.


RESOLVED FURTHER: That the proper officers of the Company are, and each
hereby is, authorized and empowered to take such other actions and sign
such other documents as may be necessary or advisable to carry out the
purposes of the foregoing resolutions.


Authorization of Sale and Issuance of Series AA Preferred Stock


WHEREAS, the Board deems it advisable, and in the best interests of the
Company, to enter into a Series AA Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “Purchase
Agreement”).


NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:  That the Company enter into the Purchase
Agreement with the investors set forth on the Schedule of Investors
attached as Exhibit A to the Purchase Agreement (the “Schedule of
Investors”) pursuant to which the Company will sell and issue up to
[_______] shares of Series AA Preferred Stock (the “Series AA Shares”).


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the form, terms and provisions of the Purchase
Agreement are hereby approved, adopted and confirmed.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the Series AA Shares are hereby set aside and
reserved for issuance pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, and the issuance
of the Series AA Shares to the investors set forth on the Schedule of
Investors for the consideration set forth on the Schedule of Investors is
hereby approved.


RESOLVED FURTHER: That the Series AA Shares shall be validly issued, fully
paid and nonassessable when issued in accordance with the terms of the
Purchase Agreement.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That [______] shares of the Company’s Common Stock (and
any additional shares of capital stock as may be necessary to issue
pursuant to the terms of the Series AA Preferred) are hereby set aside and
reserved for issuance upon conversion of the Series AA Shares, and the
issuance of such shares of Common Stock (and any additional shares of
capital stock as may be necessary to issue pursuant to the terms of the
Series AA Preferred) upon conversion of the Series AA Shares is hereby
approved.


RESOLVED FURTHER: That the shares of Common Stock (and any additional
shares of capital stock as may be necessary to issue pursuant to the terms
of the Series AA Preferred) issuable upon conversion of the Series AA
Shares shall be validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable when issued in
accordance with the terms of the Restated Certificate.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the officers of the Company are authorized and
directed to execute and deliver all documents and take whatever actions are
deemed necessary or advisable to comply with all applicable state and
federal securities laws.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the appropriate officers of the Company be, and
each of them hereby is, authorized and directed, for and in the name and on
behalf of the Company, to execute and deliver, to the appropriate parties,
the Purchase Agreement, substantially in the form submitted to and reviewed
by the Company’s Board, with such changes therein or additions thereto as
the officer executing the same shall approve with the advice of legal
counsel, the execution and delivery of such agreement by such officer to be
conclusive evidence of the approval of the Board thereof and all matters
relating thereto.


Authorization of Amended and Restated Investors’ Rights Agreement


WHEREAS, the Board deems it advisable, and in the best interests of the
Company, to enter into an Investors’ Rights Agreement, in substantially the
form attached hereto as Exhibit C (the “Investors’ Rights Agreement”), in
connection with the sale and issuance of the Series AA Shares.


NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED:  That the Company enter into the Investors’
Rights Agreement, a copy of which has been delivered to each director with
this consent.


RESOLVED  FURTHER:  That the form, terms and provisions of the Investors’
Rights Agreement are hereby approved, adopted and confirmed.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the appropriate officers of the Company be, and
each of them hereby is, authorized and directed, for and in the name and on
behalf of the Company, to execute and deliver, to the appropriate parties,
the Investors’ Rights Agreement, substantially in the form submitted to and
reviewed by the Board, with such changes therein or additions thereto as
the officer executing the same shall approve with the advice of legal
counsel, the execution and delivery of such agreements by such officer to
be conclusive evidence of the approval of the Board thereof and all matters
relating thereto.


Omnibus Resolutions


RESOLVED:  That any of the appropriate officers of the Company be, and each
of them hereby is, authorized (i) to prepare, execute, deliver and perform,
as the case may be, such agreements, amendments, applications, approvals,
certificates, communications, consents, demands, directions, documents,
further assurances, instruments, notices, orders, requests, resolutions,
supplements or undertakings, (ii) to pay or cause to be paid on behalf of
the Company any related costs and expenses and (iii) to take such other
actions, in the name and on behalf of the Company, as each such officer, in
his discretion, shall deem necessary or advisable to complete and effect
the foregoing transactions or to carry out the intent and purposes of the
foregoing resolutions and the transactions contemplated thereby, the
preparation, execution, delivery and performance of any such agreements,
amendments, applications, approvals, certificates, communications,
consents, demands, directions, documents, further assurances, instruments,
notices, orders, requests, resolutions, supplements or undertakings, the
payment of any such costs or expenses and the performance of any such other
acts shall be conclusive evidence of the approval of the Board thereof and
all matters relating thereto.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That all actions heretofore taken by the officers and
directors of the Company with respect to the foregoing transactions and all
other matters contemplated by the foregoing resolutions are hereby
approved, adopted, ratified and confirmed.


 


(Signature page follows)


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Action by Unanimous
Written Consent of the Board of Directors as of the date set forth below
opposite his name, which may be executed in one or more counterparts, each
of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall constitute one
and the same instrument. This action shall be filed with the minutes of the
proceedings of this Board of Directors and shall be effective as of the
last date of execution below. Any copy, facsimile or other reliable
reproduction of this action may be substituted or used in lieu of the
original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing
could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction be
a complete reproduction of the entire original writing.


 


 


[Name of director]


Date:


 


 


[Name of director]


Date:


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


(Signature page to Board Consent)


 


 


Exhibit A


AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION


 


Exhibit B


SERIES AA PREFERRED STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT


 


Exhibit C


INVESTORS’ RIGHTS AGREEMENT


 

