
This Action by Written Consent of Stockholders and all of the Series AA
financing documents on this website have been prepared by Wilson Sonsini
Goodrich & Rosati for informational purposes only and do not constitute
advertising, a solicitation, or legal advice. Transmission of such
materials and information contained herein is not intended to create, and
receipt thereof does not constitute formation of, an attorney-client
relationship. Internet subscribers and online readers should not rely upon
this information for any purpose without seeking legal advice from a
licensed attorney in the reader’s state. The information contained in this
website is provided only as general information and may or may not reflect
the most current legal developments; accordingly, information on this
website is not promised or guaranteed to be correct or complete. Wilson
Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati expressly disclaims all liability in respect to
actions taken or not taken based on any or all the contents of this
website. Further, Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati does not necessarily
endorse, and is not responsible for, any third-party content that may be
accessed through this website.


[COMPANY NAME]


 Action By Written Consent of STOCKHOLDERS


 In accordance with Section 228 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and
the Bylaws of [Company name], a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), the
undersigned stockholders of the Company hereby take the following actions
and adopt the following resolutions:


Authorization of amended and restated Certificate of Incorporation


RESOLVED: That the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company be amended
and restated in its entirety to (i) increase the authorized number of
shares of Common Stock from [________] shares to [_______] shares, (ii)
create a new class of stock, designated Preferred Stock, consisting of
[_______] shares, which are all to be designated Series AA Preferred Stock,
(iii) establish the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
Common Stock and the Series AA Preferred Stock and (iv) make certain other
changes, as set forth in the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the
“Amended Certificate”).


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation as
currently in effect be amended and restated to read as set forth in the
Amended Certificate.


RESOLVED FURTHER:  That the appropriate officers of the Company are hereby
authorized and directed to execute the Amended Certificate and take all
such action as such officers deem necessary or desirable to file the
Amended Certificate with the Delaware Secretary of State and to cause the
Amended Certificate to become effective.


Omnibus resolutions


RESOLVED: That the proper officers of the Company be, and each individually
is, hereby authorized and directed to do and perform any and all such acts,
including the execution, delivery and filing of any and all instruments,
documents and certificates, as such officers deem necessary or advisable,
to carry out and perform the purposes and intent of the foregoing
resolutions.


RESOLVED FURTHER: That any actions taken by such officers prior to the date
of the foregoing resolutions adopted hereby that are within the authority
conferred thereby are hereby ratified, confirmed and approved as the acts
and deeds of the Company.


IN WITNESS WHEREOF, by executing this Action by Written Consent of
Stockholders, each undersigned stockholder is giving written consent with
respect to all shares of the Company’s capital stock held by such
stockholder in favor of the above resolutions. This Action by Written
Consent of Stockholders may be executed in any number of counterparts, each
of which shall constitute an original and all of which together shall
constitute one action. Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction
of this action may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing
for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used,
provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction be a complete
reproduction of the entire original writing.


Dated:


 


 


Print name of stockholder


 


Signature


 


Print name of signatory, if different


 


Print title, if applicable


 


 


EXHIBIT A


Amended & Restated Certificate of Incorporation


 

