
[COMPANY]


[YEAR] Employee Stock Purchase Plan


Adopted by the Board of Directors: [EFFECTIVE DATE]


Approved by the Stockholders:


1. General; Purpose


(a) The Plan provides a means by which Eligible Employees of the Company
and certain designated Related Corporations may be given an opportunity to
purchase shares of Common Stock. The Plan permits the Company to grant a
series of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Employee Stock
Purchase Plan.


(b) The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of such
Employees, to secure and retain the services of new Employees and to
provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the
success of the Company and its Related Corporations.


2. Administration.


(a) The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates
administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as provided in
Section 2(c).


(b) The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations
of, the express provisions of the Plan:


(i) To determine how and when Purchase Rights will be granted and the
provisions of each Offering (which need not be identical).


(ii) To designate from time to time which Related Corporations of the
Company will be eligible to participate in the Plan.


(iii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Purchase Rights, and to
establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its administration.
The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission
or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the extent it deems
necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective.


(iv) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Purchase Rights
granted under the Plan.


(v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.


(vi) To amend the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.


(vii) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as it
deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company
and its Related Corporations and to carry out the intent that the Plan be
treated as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan.


(viii) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or
appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by Employees who are
foreign nationals or employed outside the United States.


(c) The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to
a Committee or Committees. If administration is delegated to a Committee,
the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan,
the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to
the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the
administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and
references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or
subcommittee), subject, however, to such resolutions, not inconsistent with
the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the
Board. The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the
Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or
all of the powers previously delegated. Whether or not the Board has
delegated administration of the Plan to a Committee, the Board will have
the final power to determine all questions of policy and expediency that
may arise in the administration of the Plan.


(d) All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board
in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be
final, binding and conclusive on all persons.


3. Shared of Common Stock Subject to the Plan.


(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization
Adjustments, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be
issued under the Plan will not exceed 8,500,000 shares of Common Stock,
plus the number of shares that are automatically added on January 1st of
each year for a period of up to ten years, commencing on the first
January 1 following the IPO Date and ending on (and including) January 1,
2021, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) 2% of the total number of
shares of Capital Stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding
calendar year, and (ii) 25,000,000 shares of Common Stock. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Board may act prior to the first day of any calendar
year to provide that there will be no January 1st increase in the share
reserve for such calendar year or that the increase in the share reserve
for such calendar year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock
than would otherwise occur pursuant to the preceding sentence.


(b) If any Purchase Right granted under the Plan terminates without having
been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not purchased under such
Purchase Right will again become available for issuance under the Plan.


(c) The stock purchasable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but
unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the
Company on the open market.


4. Grant of Purchase Rights; Offering.


(a) The Board may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of
Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Offering on Offering Dates
selected by the Board. Each Offering will be in such form and will contain
such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate, and will
comply with the requirement of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code that all
Employees granted Purchase Rights will have the same rights and privileges.
The provisions of separate Offerings need not be identical, but each
Offering will include (through incorporation of the provisions of this Plan
by reference in the document comprising the Offering or otherwise) the
period during which the Offering will be effective, which period will not
exceed 27 months beginning with the Offering Date, and the substance of the
provisions contained in Sections 5 through 8, inclusive.


(b) If a Participant has more than one Purchase Right outstanding under the
Plan, unless he or she otherwise indicates in forms delivered to the
Company: (i) each form will apply to all of his or her Purchase Rights
under the Plan, and (ii) a Purchase Right with a lower exercise price (or
an earlier-granted Purchase Right, if different Purchase Rights have
identical exercise prices) will be exercised to the fullest possible extent
before a Purchase Right with a higher exercise price (or a later-granted
Purchase Right if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices)
will be exercised.


(c) The Board will have the discretion to structure an Offering so that if
the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the first Trading
Day of a new Purchase Period within that Offering is less than or equal to
the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the Offering Date,
then (i) that Offering will terminate immediately as of that first Trading
Day, and (ii) the Participants in such terminated Offering will be
automatically enrolled in a new Offering beginning on the first Trading Day
of such new Purchase Period.


5. Eligibility.


(a) Purchase Rights may be granted only to Employees of the Company or, as
the Board may designate in accordance with Section 2(b), to Employees of a
Related Corporation. Except as provided in Section 5(b), an Employee will
not be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights unless, on the Offering Date,
the Employee has been in the employ of the Company or the Related
Corporation, as the case may be, for such continuous period preceding such
Offering Date as the Board may require, but in no event will the required
period of continuous employment be equal to or greater than two years. In
addition, the Board may provide that no Employee will be eligible to be
granted Purchase Rights under the Plan unless, on the Offering Date, such
Employee’s customary employment with the Company or the Related Corporation
is more than 20 hours per week and more than five months per calendar year
or such other criteria as the Board may determine consistent with
Section 423 of the Code.


(b) The Board may provide that each person who, during the course of an
Offering, first becomes an Eligible Employee shall, on or after the day on
which such person becomes an Eligible Employee, receive a Purchase Right
under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a
part of that Offering. Such Purchase Right will have the
same characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that
Offering, as described herein, except that:


(i) the date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the “Offering
Date” of such Purchase Right for all purposes, including determination of
the exercise price of such Purchase Right;


(ii) the period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will
begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of the original
Offering; and


(iii) the Board may provide that if such person first becomes an Eligible
Employee within a specified period of time before the end of the Offering,
he or she will not receive any Purchase Right under that Offering.


(c) No Employee will be eligible for the grant of any Purchase Rights if,
immediately after any such Purchase Rights are granted, such Employee owns
stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting power or
value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Related Corporation.
For purposes of this Section 5(c), the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code
will apply in determining the stock ownership of any Employee, and stock
which such Employee may purchase under all outstanding Purchase Rights and
options will be treated as stock owned by such Employee.


(d) As specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, an Eligible Employee may
be granted Purchase Rights only if such Purchase Rights, together with any
other rights granted under all Employee Stock Purchase Plans of the Company
and any Related Corporations, do not permit such Eligible Employee’s rights
to purchase stock of the Company or any Related Corporation to accrue at a
rate which exceeds $25,000 of Fair Market Value of such stock (determined
at the time such rights are granted, and which, with respect to the Plan,
will be determined as of their respective Offering Dates) for each calendar
year in which such rights are outstanding at any time.


(e) Officers of the Company and any designated Related Corporation, if they
are otherwise Eligible Employees, will be eligible to participate in
Offerings under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may
provide in an Offering that Employees who are highly compensated Employees
within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code will not be eligible
to participate.


6. Purchase Rights; Purchase Price.


(a) On each Offering Date, each Eligible Employee will be granted a
Purchase Right under the applicable Offering to purchase up to that number
of shares of Common Stock purchasable either with a percentage or with a
maximum dollar amount, as designated by the Board but in either case not
exceeding 15%, of such Employee’s earnings (as defined by the Board in each
Offering) during the period that begins on the Offering Date (or such other
date as the Board determines for a particular Offering) and ends on the
date stated in the Offering, which date will be no later than the end of
the Offering.


(b) The Board will establish one or more Purchase Dates during an Offering
on which Purchase Rights granted for that Offering will be exercised and
shares of Common Stock will be purchased in accordance with such Offering.


(c) In connection with each Offering made under the Plan, the Board may
specify (i) a maximum number of shares of Common Stock that may be
purchased by any Participant on any Purchase Date during such Offering,
(ii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be
purchased by all Participants pursuant to such Offering and/or (iii) a
maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be purchased by
all Participants on any Purchase Date under the Offering. If the aggregate
purchase of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Purchase
Rights granted under the Offering would exceed any such maximum aggregate
number, then, in the absence of any Board action otherwise, a pro rata
(based on each Participant’s accumulated Contributions) allocation of the
shares of Common Stock available will be made in as nearly a uniform manner
as will be practicable and equitable.


(d) The purchase price of shares of Common Stock acquired pursuant to
Purchase Rights will be not less than the lesser of:


(i) an amount equal to (85%) of the Fair Market Value of the shares of
Common Stock on the Offering Date; or


(ii) an amount equal to (85%) of the Fair Market Value of the shares of
Common Stock on the applicable Purchase Date.


7. Participation; Withdrawal; Termination.


(a) An Eligible Employee may elect to authorize payroll deductions as the
means of making Contributions by completing and delivering to the Company,
within the time specified in the Offering, an enrollment form provided by
the Company. The enrollment form will specify the amount of Contributions
not to exceed the maximum amount specified by the Board. Each Participant’s
Contributions will be credited to a bookkeeping account for such
Participant under the Plan and will be deposited with the general funds of
the Company except where applicable law requires that Contributions be
deposited with a third party. If permitted in the Offering, a Participant
may begin such Contributions with the first payroll occurring on or after
the Offering Date (or, in the case of a payroll date that occurs after the
end of the prior Offering but before the Offering Date of the next new
Offering, Contributions from such payroll will be included in the new
Offering). If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may thereafter
reduce (including to zero) or increase his or her Contributions. If
specifically provided in the Offering, in addition to making Contributions
by payroll deductions, a Participant may make Contributions through the
payment by cash or check prior to a Purchase Date.


(b) During an Offering, a Participant may cease making Contributions and
withdraw from the Offering by delivering to the Company a withdrawal form
provided by the Company. The Company may impose a deadline before a
Purchase Date for withdrawing. Upon such withdrawal, such Participant’s
Purchase Right in that Offering will immediately terminate and the Company
will distribute to such Participant all of his or her accumulated but
unused Contributions. A Participant’s withdrawal from that Offering will
have no effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in any other
Offerings under the Plan, but the Participant will be required to deliver a
new enrollment form to participate in future Offerings.


(c) Purchase Rights granted pursuant to any Offering under the Plan will
terminate immediately if the Participant either (i) is no longer an
Employee for any reason or for no reason (subject to any post-employment
participation period required by law) or (ii) is otherwise no longer
eligible to participate. The Company will distribute to such individual all
of his or her accumulated but unused Contributions.


(d) During a Participant’s lifetime, Purchase Rights will be exercisable
only by such Participant. Purchase Rights are not transferable by a
Participant, except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or,
if permitted by the Company, by a beneficiary designation as described in
Section 10.


(e) The Company has no obligation to pay interest on Contributions.


8. Exercise of Purchase Rights.


(a) On each Purchase Date, each Participant’s accumulated Contributions
will be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock, up to the
maximum number of shares of Common Stock permitted by the Plan and the
applicable Offering, at the purchase price specified in the Offering. No
fractional shares will be issued unless specifically provided for in the
Offering.


(b) If any amount of accumulated Contributions remains in a Participant’s
account after the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the final Purchase
Date of an Offering and such remaining amount is less than the amount
required to purchase one share of Common Stock, then such remaining amount
will be held in such Participant’s account for the purchase of shares of
Common Stock under the next Offering under the Plan, unless such
Participant withdraws from or is not eligible to participate in such
Offering, in which case such amount will be distributed to such Participant
after the final Purchase Date, without interest. If the amount of
Contributions remaining in a Participant’s account after the purchase of
shares of Common Stock on the final Purchase Date of an Offering is at
least equal to the amount required to purchase one whole share of Common
Stock, then such remaining amount will not roll over to the next Offering
and will instead be distributed in full to such Participant after the final
Purchase Date, without interest.


(c) No Purchase Rights may be exercised to any extent unless the shares of
Common Stock to be issued upon such exercise under the Plan are covered by
an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the
Plan is in material compliance with all applicable laws. If on a Purchase
Date the shares of Common Stock are not so registered or the Plan is not in
such compliance, no Purchase Rights will be exercised on such Purchase
Date, and the Purchase Date will be delayed until the shares of Common
Stock are subject to such an effective registration statement and the Plan
is in material compliance, except that the Purchase Date will in no event
be more than 27 months from the Offering Date. If, on the Purchase Date, as
delayed to the maximum extent permissible, the shares of Common Stock are
not registered and the Plan is not in material compliance with all
applicable laws, no Purchase Rights will be exercised and all accumulated
but unused Contributions will be distributed to the Participants without
interest.


9. Covenants of the Company.


The Company will seek to obtain from each federal, state, foreign or other
regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such
authority as may be required to grant Purchase Rights issue and sell shares
of Common Stock thereunder. If, after commercially reasonable efforts, the
Company is unable to obtain the authority that counsel for the Company
deems necessary for the grant of Purchase Rights or the lawful issuance and
sale of Common Stock under the Plan, and at a commercially reasonable cost,
the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to grant
Purchase Rights and/or to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such
Purchase Rights.


10. Designation of Beneficiary.


(a) The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit a Participant to
submit a form designating a beneficiary who will receive any shares of
Common Stock and/or Contributions from the Participant’s account under the
Plan if the Participant dies before such shares and/or Contributions are
delivered to the Participant. The Company may, but is not obligated to,
permit the Participant to change such designation of beneficiary. Any such
designation and/or change must be on a form approved by the Company.


(b) If a Participant dies, and in the absence of a valid beneficiary
designation, the Company will deliver any shares of Common Stock and/or
Contributions to the executor or administrator of the estate of the
Participant. If no executor or administrator has been appointed (to the
knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its sole discretion, may deliver
such shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions to the Participant’s
spouse, dependents or relatives, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is
known to the Company, then to such other person as the Company may
designate.


11. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Corporate Transactions.


(a) On a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and
proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities
subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a), (ii) the class(es) and
maximum number of securities by which the share reserve is to increase
automatically each year pursuant to Section 3(a), (iii) the class(es) and
number of securities subject to, and the purchase price applicable to
outstanding Offerings and Purchase Rights, and (iv) the class(es) and
number of securities that are the subject of the purchase limits under each
ongoing Offering. The Board will make these adjustments, and its
determination will be final, binding and conclusive.


(b) On a Corporate Transaction, then: (i) any surviving corporation or
acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation’s parent
company) may assume or continue outstanding Purchase Rights or may
substitute similar rights (including a right to acquire the same
consideration paid to the stockholders in the Corporate Transaction) for
outstanding Purchase Rights, or (ii) if any surviving or acquiring
corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such
Purchase Rights or does not substitute similar rights for such Purchase
Rights, then the Participants’ accumulated Contributions will be used to
purchase shares of Common Stock within ten business days prior to the
Corporate Transaction under the outstanding Purchase Rights, and the
Purchase Rights will terminate immediately after such purchase.


12. Amendment, Termination or Suspesion of the Plan.


(a) The Board may amend the Plan at any time in any respect the Board deems
necessary or advisable. However, except as provided in Section 11(a)
relating to Capitalization Adjustments, stockholder approval will be
required for any amendment of the Plan for which stockholder approval is
required by applicable law or listing requirements, including any amendment
that either (i) materially increases the number of shares of Common Stock
available for issuance under the Plan, (ii) materially expands the class of
individuals eligible to become Participants and receive Purchase Rights,
(iii) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the
Plan or materially reduces the price at which shares of Common Stock may be
purchased under the Plan, (iv) materially extends the term of the Plan, or
(v) expands the types of awards available for issuance under the Plan, but
in each of (i) through (v) above only to the extent stockholder approval is
required by applicable law or listing requirements.


(b) The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Purchase
Rights may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after
it is terminated.


(c) Any benefits, privileges, entitlements and obligations under any
outstanding Purchase Rights granted before an amendment, suspension or
termination of the Plan will not be materially impaired by any such
amendment, suspension or termination except (i) with the consent of the
person to whom such Purchase Rights were granted, (ii) as necessary to
comply with any laws, listing requirements, or governmental regulations
(including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 423 of the Code
and the regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder
relating to Employee Stock Purchase Plans) including without limitation any
such regulations or other guidance that may be issued or amended after the
Effective Date, or (iii) as necessary to obtain or maintain favorable tax,
listing, or regulatory treatment. To be clear, the Board may amend
outstanding Purchase Rights without a Participant’s consent if such
amendment is necessary to ensure that the Purchase Right and/or the Plan
complies with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code.


13. Effective Date of Plan.


The Plan will become effective on the IPO Date. No Purchase Rights will be
exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved by the stockholders
of the Company, which approval must be within 12 months before or after the
date the Plan is adopted (or if required under Section 12(a) above,
materially amended) by the Board.


14. Miscellaneous Provisions.


(a) Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Purchase
Rights will constitute general funds of the Company.


(b) A Participant will not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of
the rights of a holder with respect to, shares of Common Stock subject to
Purchase Rights unless and until the Participant’s shares of Common Stock
acquired upon exercise of Purchase Rights are recorded in the books of the
Company (or its transfer agent).


(c) The Plan and Offering do not constitute an employment contract. Nothing
in the Plan or in the Offering will in any way alter the at will nature of
a Participant’s employment or be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any
obligation on the part of any Participant to continue in the employ of the
Company or a Related Corporation, or on the part of the Company or a
Related Corporation to continue the employment of a Participant.


(d) The provisions of the Plan will be governed by the laws of the State of
[COMPANY HOME STATE] without resort to that state’s conflicts of laws
rules.


15. Definitions.


As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the
capitalized terms indicated below:


(a) “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.


(b) “Capital Stock” means each and every class of common stock of the
Company, regardless of the number of votes per share.


(c) “Capitalization Adjustment” means any change that is made in, or other
events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or
subject to any Purchase Right after the Effective Date without the receipt
of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation,
reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend
in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split,
liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in
corporate structure or other similar equity restructuring transaction, as
that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities
of the Company will not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment.


(d) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.


(e) “Committee” means a committee of one or more members of the Board to
whom authority has been delegated by the Board.


(f) “Common Stock” means, as of the IPO Date, the Class A common stock of
the Company, having 1 vote per share.


(g) “Company” means [COMPANY], a Delaware corporation.


(h) “Contributions” means the payroll deductions and other additional
payments specifically provided for in the Offering that a Participant
contributes to fund the exercise of a Purchase Right. A Participant may
make additional payments into his or her account if specifically provided
for in the Offering, and then only if the Participant has not already had
the maximum permitted amount withheld during the Offering through payroll
deductions.


(i) “Corporate Transaction” means the occurrence, in a single transaction
or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following
events:


(i) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially
all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the consolidated
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;


(ii) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of at least 50% of the
outstanding securities of the Company;


(iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction
following which the Company is not the surviving corporation; or


(iv) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction
following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or
similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger,
consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the
form of securities, cash or otherwise.


(j) “Director” means a member of the Board.


(k) “Eligible Employee” means an Employee who meets the requirements set
forth in the document(s) governing the Offering for eligibility to
participate in the Offering, provided that such Employee also meets the
requirements for eligibility to participate set forth in the Plan.


(l) “Employee” means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is
“employed” for purposes of Section 423(b)(4) of the Code by the Company or
a Related Corporation. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of
a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an
“Employee” for purposes of the Plan.


(m) “Employee Stock Purchase Plan” means a plan that grants Purchase Rights
intended to be options issued under an “employee stock purchase plan,” as
that term is defined in Section 423(b) of the Code.


(n) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


(o) “Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the value of the Common
Stock determined as follows:


(i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or
traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of
Common Stock will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on
such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume
of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported
in such source as the Board deems reliable. Unless otherwise provided by
the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the
date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales
price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists.


(ii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market
Value will be determined by the Board in good faith in compliance with
applicable laws.


(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Offering that commences on the
IPO Date, the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock on the
Offering Date will be the price per share at which shares are first sold to
the public in the Company’s initial public offering as specified in the
final prospectus for that initial public offering.


(p) “IPO Date” means the date of the underwriting agreement between the
Company and the underwriter(s) managing the initial public offering of the
Common Stock, pursuant to which the Common Stock is priced for the initial
public offering.


(q) “Offering” means the grant to Eligible Employees of Purchase Rights,
with the exercise of those Purchase Rights automatically occurring at the
end of one or more Purchase Periods. The terms and conditions of an
Offering will generally be set forth in the “Offering Document” approved by
the Board for that Offering.


(r) “Offering Date” means a date selected by the Board for an Offering to
commence.


(s) “Officer” means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related
Corporation within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


(t) “Participant” means an Eligible Employee who holds an outstanding
Purchase Right.


(u) “Plan” means this [COMPANY] [YEAR] Employee Stock Purchase Plan.


(v) “Purchase Date” means one or more dates during an Offering selected by
the Board on which Purchase Rights will be exercised and on which purchases
of shares of Common Stock will be carried out in accordance with such
Offering.


(w) “Purchase Period” means a period of time specified within an Offering,
generally beginning on the Offering Date or on the first Trading Day
following a Purchase Date, and ending on a Purchase Date. An Offering may
consist of one or more Purchase Periods.


(x) “Purchase Right” means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock
granted pursuant to the Plan.


(y) “Related Corporation” means any “parent corporation” or “subsidiary
corporation” of the Company whether now or subsequently established, as
those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively, of the
Code.


(z) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.


(aa) “Trading Day” means any day on which the exchange(s) or market(s) on
which shares of Common Stock are listed, including but not limited to the
NYSE, Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq
Capital Market or any successors thereto, is open for trading.

